HYMN 1
1. Now, thank we all our God, With hearts and hands and voices! Who wondrous things have done, In whom this world rejoices. Who from our mother's arms, Has blessed us on our way, With countless gifts of love, And still is ours today.  2 Before our life on earth, The Lord God knew and loved us. He freely gave all things, More than we knew, He gave us.  Therefore we all must join To sing in unison The praises of our God; He is the God of Praise.     3 O may this bounteous God, Through all our lives be near us. With ever joyful hearts, And blessed peace to cheer us! And keep us in His grace, And guide us when perplexed, And free us from all ills, In this world and the next!     4 All praise and thanks to God, Who reigns in highest Heaven. The Father and the Son, And Spirit now be given. The one eternal God, Whom earth and heaven adore, For thus it was is now, And shall be evermore!

HYMN 10
1. My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise the Lord. My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise ye the Lord. Bless the Father and bless the Son of the Lord Bless the Father and bless the Son of the Lord, Bless the Father and bless the Son of the Lord, Rise, my soul and praise the Lord your God.  2 My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise the Lord. My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise ye the Lord. Thanks to God the King, thanks be to God the Son, Thanks to God the King, thanks be to God the Son Thanks to God the King, thanks be to God the Son Rise, my soul and praise the Lord your God.     3 My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise the Lord. My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise ye the Lord. Adoration be to the Father and Son, Adoration be to the Father and Son, Adoration be to the Father and Son, Rise, my soul and praise the Lord your God.     4 My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise the Lord. My soul rise and praise the Lord your God, My soul rise and praise ye the Lord. Glorify the Father and glorify Son, Glorify the Father and glorify Son, Glorify the Father and glorify Son, Rise, my soul and glorify your Lord.

HYMN 100
1. Songs of angels I would cherish, I must hear God's angels sing; Singing joyfully to welcome, Christ the Son of God the Lord; Saying we must be of courage, Joyful news they have for all now. Saying gladly to the whole world, Mankind's Savior has been born.  2 He is Christ our Lord and Master, He was born of David's line; Truly this is joyful, best news, For all that are lost in sin; Men and women of all races, Children and those that are aged, Must receive this Gift from Heaven, With a heart of faith in God.     3 Heaven's choir joined in the chorus, Of the Angel's joyful hymns; Laud and Praising God the Father, Praising God with joyful hearts; Saying, Glory to God on high, With goodwill and peace to all men. Peace on earth and on all nations, With God's favor on mankind.

HYMN 101
1. Hark! the herald angels sing, Glory to the new-born King, Peace on earth and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled. Joyful all ye nations, rise, Join the triumph of the skies, With the angelic host proclaim, Christ is born in Bethlehem, Hark! the herald angels sing, ‘Glory to the new-born King'.  2 Christ, by highest heav'n adored, Christ, the everlasting Lord, Late in time behold Him come, Offspring of a virgin's womb! Veiled in flesh the Godhead see, Hail, the Incarnate Deity, Please as Man with men to dwell, Jesus our Immanuel. Hark! the herald angels sing, â€˜Glory to the new-born King'.     3 Hail! The heaven-born Prince of Peace, Hail! The Sun of Righteousness, Light and life to all He brings, Risen with healing in His wings! Mild He lays His glory by, Born that man no more may die, Born to raise the sons of earth, Born to give them second birth, Hark! the herald angels sing, â€˜Glory to the new-born King'.

HYMN 102
1. This night we celebrate God's gift, All nations join to celebrate. Angels on high rejoiced in it, We join to celebrate Christ's birth.  2 The Son of God, Jesus our Lord, A newborn babe He came to be. Angels adored and worshipped Him, Praised God on high, and bless [His Name.     3 Compassion of God we received, Good news of peace on earth we heard. Goodwill towards all people showed, Good news God brought to all on earth.

HYMN 103
1. A Child is born to us, We celebrate today, Our Savior's birth! He came in poverty He lay in a manger, All for our sake, For us He came.  2 If God's own Son, came thus, Humble and meekly came, What must we do? Our love to Him must give, We must give all to Him, Then yield your life, Give all to Christ.

HYMN 104
1. Today we celebrate Christ's birth, Today all children must rejoice, For Jesus came a child like us, Jesus was born; in flesh He came.  2 Jesus our loving gracious God, You came from Heav'n to dwell with us, That we may all God's nature share, And have His peace eternally.     3 We thank you Lord and pray to you, Come now to cleanse our hearts, [dear Lord, And live within us Lord always, That we may righteous children be.

HYMN 105
1. Our Savior is born on this Day, Our hearts are filled with joy. Christ Jesus gave Himself for us, Good news is this for us.   2 We all are sinful and are lost, In Satan's grips we are. Our souls are doomed without a hope, Eternal death we faced.      3 But God came down to save His own, He gave His only Son. To free us from the evil one, To bring us back to Him.      4 Truly in Christ we now are free, We are God's children now. We trust you Jesus Christ our Lord, We worship you our God.

HYMN 106
1. Lift Jesus high, and praise His Name, For He has come to us in flesh, A Virgin womb, He came to dwell, Let this world and all angels sing. Hallelujah!  2 Beloved Son, the Son of God, Lay in a manger for a crib, Jesus has come, has come to save, Was born like us, with flesh and blood. Hallelujah!     3 Christ who is God, Almighty Lord A son of Mary in the flesh, The One who is above all things, Became a babe, a child so weak! Hallelujah!     4 Eternal Light of God has come, To shine in this dark world of sin, To lead us back from death to life, And make us children of the Light. Hallelujah!     5 Jesus laid down His life for us, To show His love for humankind, Christians come now and sing His praise, And give Him thanks, eternally. Hallelujah!

HYMN 107
1. From Heav'n above to earth I come, To bear good news to every home; Glad tidings of great joy I bring, Whereof I now will say and sing.  2 To you, this night, is born a Child Of Mary, chosen mother mild; This tender Child of lowly birth, Shall be the joy of all your earth.     3 'Tis Christ our God, who far on high Had heard your sad and bitter cry; Himself will your Salvation be, Himself from sin will make you free.     4 He brings those blessings long ago Prepared by God for all below; That in His heavenly kingdom blest You may with us forever rest.     5 These are the tokens ye shall mark, The swaddling clothes and manger dark; There shall ye find the young Child laid, By Whom the heavens and earth were [made.     6 Now let us all, with gladsome cheer, Follow the shepherds, and draw near To see this wondrous Gift of God, Who hath His own dear Son bestowed.     7 Ah, Lord, who hast created all, How hast Thou made Thee weak and [small, To lie upon the coarse dry grass, The food of humble ox and ass.     8 Thus hath it pleased Thee to make plain The truth to us, poor fools and vain, That this world's honor, wealth and might Are naught and worthless in Thy sight.

HYMN 108
1. While shepherds watched their [flocks by night, All seated on the ground, The angel of the Lord came down, And glory shone around.  2 â€œFear not,â€ said he, for mighty [dread Had seized their troubled mind, â€œGlad tidings of great joy I bring To you and all mankind.â€     3 â€œTo you, in David's town this day, Is born of David's line The Savior who is Christ the Lord, And this shall be the sign:     4 The heavenly Babe you there shall [find To human view displayed, All meanly wrapped in swaddling [bands, And in a manger laid.â€     5 Thus spake the Seraph, and forthwith Appeared a shining throng, Of angels praising God and thus Addressed their joyful song:     6 â€œAll glory be to God on high And on the earth be peace, Goodwill henceforth from heaven to [men Begin and never cease.â€

HYMN 109
1. Jesus has come, to our world, Good news, He brings, Ancient of Days, Mighty God, Prince of Peace, Mediator Lord, God with sinners reconciled, Creator Lord, in your image made us. Good news for me and for all who are sinners, Jesus has come, joyful news He brings to all.  2 Jesus has come, to this world to give freedom, To break the yoke and all bondage to sin, And in Him, we are no longer slaves of sin, Freedom we have from the wages of sin. No condemnation we dread now and ever, For we have life, life in fullness in our Lord.     3 Jesus has come, see our glorious King Jesus, Come praise Him now all ye people on earth, O Lord of Hosts, Christ the Lord reigns eternal, He rules in hearts, Sovereign Lord, Christ the Lord. A crown of life, shall we have from the Savior, Glory we give to our Savior, Christ the Lord.     4 Jesus has come, spread the news to all nations, Run to and fro, raise His banner so high. Commit your heart and your life to Christ Jesus, Follow the Lord in life and unto death. Amen, Lord Jesus, you are complete in us, Jesus has come; spread the news to all around.

HYMN 11
1. What shall best please you my Savior, You the Lord of Hosts and Might? Fill me with your Holy Spirit, Give me this life from you Lord. For I cannot live as pleasing Give to you Lord what is precious. Thousand times ten thousand times I shall ren-der thanks to you.  2 Lord I know I have denied you In a life of sin and woe. This has caused me shame and grief Lord, In your patience, suffering-long; Bearing with me wretched sinner, Giving freely tender mercies. Thousand times ten thousand times I shall ren-der thanks to you.     3 Lord you sought me in my lost state, And have saved me from such hell. When I was in love with this world, With desires for evil bread, You came after me to teach me What is true and worth pursuing. Thousand times ten thousand times I shall ren-der thanks to you.     4 Wondrous ways you act towards us To reveal your gracious will. And with agonizing heart pain You, Oh Lord, search out for us. That we might seek after your life, Seeking for your gracious power. Thousand times ten thousand times I shall ren-der thanks to you.     5 Lord your heart is full of sweet love, Love consuming all my life. Love that came through Christ my [Savior, Who my Lord now has become. Gracious Spirit, draw me nearer, And redeem those all around me. Thousand times ten thousand times I shall ren-der thanks to you.

HYMN 110
1. A Branch so fair, has blossomed From tender parent stem, Out of the rod of Jesse, As told by godly men, And brought a Flow'r so bright, Well in the midst of winter And darkness of the night.  2 This little Rose, so lovely, That sprang from Jesse's rod A lowly virgin brought us, The favored one of God; By His decree and might A holy Child she bare us One blessed Christmas night.     3 This little Flow'r, so fragrant, My heart fills with delight, For with its shining splendor It drives away the night. True man, and yet God's Son, Saves us from sin and sorrow, And when life's day is done.

HYMN 112
1. Glorious news, yes glorious message, We have now received. Christ the Savior, Christ the Savior, Has been born this Day. Jesus Savior of the world, Has been born in Bethlehem; O rejoice, yes, O be happy, Men and women all!  2 Son of God, is born a Baby, In a manger lay; He is King of kings forever, He is Lord of all. But His kingdom here on earth, Dwells within the hearts of men; All must seek Him, all must seek Him, As the Lord and King!     3 Jesus Son of God, our Savior, In the flesh is born. To redeem us, to redeem all, From this sinful world; Make us all your children, Lord, King of Glory evermore; Dwell with us, our Lord Immanuel, In our hearts come dwell.

HYMN 113
1. Come praise the Lord our God and King All Christians praise the Lord. His Kingdom He has opened now, His Son He gave for us.  2 Jesus, the Son of God, had come, A baby boy He came. In manger for a bed was placed, No other place was found.     3 His glory He left all above, Poor He became for us. Creator of the universe, Servant He came for us.     4 Jesus the Mighty God stooped low, Breast He used like as man. He who all angels bow before, David's son He became.     5 God who is Spirit, Almighty, Frail flesh and blood became. He gave His life as God for us, Children of God we are.     6 He opened Paradise for us, That we may enter in. Angels bid us to enter in, All praise His Holy Name

HYMN 114
1. I thank you God my Lord and King, With my whole heart I'll bless. Praise Thy Name in my whole life, Worship and glorify. Your Name I shall always praise, Forever and ever!  2 Your mercy is so bountiful, Your power none can compare. And Lord you came to save me, From sin you came to save. With power redeemed from Satan, Lord you have saved my life.     3 I now have freedom from you Lord, My sins I bear no more. Therefore to you I yield all, Take this life that you saved. This life now belongs to you; With you to always dwell!

HYMN 115
1. All creation, thank the Lord, His Word, He has now fulfilled. The Redeemer for sinners, God has sent into the world.  2 What the men of ancient days, Waited for and longed to see. Prophecies received from God, All fulfilled in Jesus Christ.     3 Abram, Isaac, Jacob's line Zion's Savior now has come. The Lord Almighty is here, Virgin young, gave birth to Him.     4 Hail! then hail our Savior King, Lord of Hosts we worship you. Prepare room in every heart, Savior Christ, receive today.     5 Glorious King, come to my heart, For this heart belongs to you, Make this heart a holy place, Make it fit for your abode.     6 As you came in time of old, Meek and humble you did come. Graciously come Lord to me, Come and stay with me your child.     7 King of Life, when you return, With pomp and glory shall come. I shall be so full of joy, Come before you and worship.

HYMN 116
1. Do you know the song that the angels sang, On that night in the long ago, When the heav'ns above with their music rang Till it echoed in the earth below? Refrain: All glory in highest Peace on earth, goodwill to men, Glory in the highest Peace, goodwill to men. Glory in the highest Glory in the highest Peace on earth, goodwill to men.  2 Do you know the song that the shepherds heard As they watched o'er their flocks by night When the skies burnt down and their hearts were stirred By the voices of the angels bright Refrain:     3 Do you know the story that the wise men learned As they journeyed from East afar, O'er a pathway plain, for there nightly burned In their sight a glorious guiding star? Refrain:

HYMN 117
1. O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant, Come ye, O come ye, to Bethlehem. Come and behold Him, born the King of angels; Refrain O come, let us adore Him, O come, let us adore Him, O come, let us adore Him, Christ the Lord.  2 True God of true God, Light from Light Eternal, Lo, He shuns not the Virgin's womb; Son of the Father, begotten, not created; Refrain     3 See how the shepherds, summoned to His cradle, Leaving their flocks, draw nigh to gaze; We too will thither bend our joyful footsteps; Refrain     4 Lo! star led chieftains, Magi, Christ adoring, Offer Him incense, and gold, and myrrh; We to the Christ Child bring our hearts' oblations. Refrain     5 Child, for us sinners poor and in the manger, We would embrace Thee, with love and awe; Who would not love Thee, loving us so dearly? Refrain     6 Yea, Lord, we greet Thee, born this happy morning; Jesus, to Thee be glory given; Word of the Father, now in flesh appearing. Refrain

HYMN 118
1. Good Christian men, rejoice, with heart and soul, and voice; Give ye heed to what we say: News! News! Jesus Christ is born today; Ox and ass before Him bow; and He is in the manger now. Christ is born today! Christ is born today!  2 Good Christian men, rejoice, with heart and soul and voice; Now ye hear of endless bliss: Joy! Joy! Jesus Christ was born for this! He has opened heavenly door, and man is blest forevermore. Christ was born for this! Christ was born for this!     3 Good Christian men, rejoice, with heart and soul and voice; Now ye need not fear the grave: Peace! Peace! Jesus Christ was born to save! Calls you one and calls you all, to gain His everlasting hall. Christ was born to save! Christ was born to save!

HYMN 119
1. Unto us a Child is born now Unto us a Son is given On His shoulder rests all power His Name shall be as foretold Wonderful Almighty Father Counselor the Mighty God Everlasting Prince of Peace is We have in this child of God  2 His rule shall increase for ever Everlasting peace shall be Davids throne and Davids Kingdom Will establish and uphold He will rule the world in justice He will act in righteousness In His everlasting power He shall rule forever more

HYMN 12
1. Children of Jehovah, proclaim the Lord's Name, Come worship and magnify Jesus the Lord. Come Glorify, honor and praise the Savior, The Lord deserves praises from all He has saved.  2 The Lord reigns in Heaven, eternally reigns, But He came to seek us, He was with us here. The Father's Son Jesus, the vict'ry has won, He saved us from sin and the chains of the foe.     3 Therefore we must gather to sing of His praise, For in Him we all have salvation from sin. The angels of heaven sing, praising Jesus, Let Saints here on earth join in praising His name.     4 We all must now join in the worship of Christ, Join with the angels above to praise our God. Come praise Him, adore Him and Honor His Name, We all must now sing, Hallelujah! Amen.

HYMN 120
1. A host of Angels came from heavn Appeared to shepherds in the fields Fear not they said for news they had That Christ is born in Bethlehem  2 Good news they brought to them and all Good news of joy they brought to all Great news they brought for all mankind That God has favored all mankind     3 In Bethlehem in Davids town Is born a Savior of the world A Savior who is Christ the Lord Shall find laid in a manger there     4 And suddenly a Hosts of Heaven Came singing praises to the Lord All glory to the Lord Most High With peace on earth goodwill to men     5 In this you shall not be condemned For you are children of God now So thank the Lord and worship Him Praise glorify His Holy Name

HYMN 121
1. All my heart this night rejoices As I hear far and near sweetest angel voices Christ is born their choirs are singing Till the air everywhere now their joy is ringing  2 For it dawns the promised morrow Of His birth who the earth rescues from her sorrow God to wear our form descendeth Of His grace to our race here His Son He sendeth     3 Yea so truly for us careth That His Son all weve done as our offering beareth As our Lamb Who dying for us Bears our load and to God doeth in peace restore us     4 He becomes the Lamb that taketh Sin away and for aye full atonement maketh For our life His own He tenders And our race by His grace meet for glory renders     5 Hark a voice from yonder manger Soft and sweet doth entreat Flee from woe and danger Brethren come from all that grieves you You are freed all you need I will surely give you     6 Come then let us hasten yonder Here let all great and small kneel in awe and wonder Love Him Who with love is yearning Hail the star that from far bright with hope is burning     7 Thee dear Lord with heed Ill cherish Live to Thee and with Thee dying shall not perish But shall dwell with Thee forever Far on high in the joy that can alter never

HYMN 122
1. For God so loved this world so much That out of His own heart He sent His One and only Son What wondrous love He gave  2 What God conceived eternally From grace and mercy stores To give us great and mighty hope We now receive with joy     3 Our friend our brother and our Lord Has blessed us with His love Gods own dear Son who is the Christ Has come in human form     4 My Savior I rejoice in You My earthly frame You shared That I may share Your nature too Before the Throne of God     5 Lord Jesus Christ Thou Son of God You are my Savior now You are my peace and glory now You are the way and life     6 Mediator You are light for me My source of life and joy You are my all and all in life Ill praise You ever more     7 To Father Son and Holy Ghost The God whom we adore Be glory as it was is now And shall forever be

HYMN 123
1. Son of God shared in our nature Flesh became to save us all Sun of Righteousness has risen He we see in Bethlehem  2 Light eternal God eternal Shines in this dark world of sin Death destroyed we now have freedom New life we now have in Him     3 Light no darkness here can cover Shine eternally on us Light of heaven come upon us To redeem us from all sin     4 King of Heaven mighty Father We in Christ are now His friends For our sake and our redemption God came down on earth to die

HYMN 124
1. God and Marys own dear Son Honored Jesus we adore Thee You came down a child of man Took upon our flesh and nature Save us Lord we plead Thee now Oh Our Brother and our God  2 We have heard the message sure Adams sin and curse upon us In this sin we all are born We now meekly plead for pardon In the Second Adam Born To receive a new birth now     3 You became like us dear Lord That your nature Lord we may share Take our guilt and burden now To relieve our pain from sin Lord Portion of your Love I need In Thy blessed saving grace     4 When my heart is full of sin And the flesh craves for its pleasures Cleanse my heart and dwell within Dwell in me as in Marys womb Jesus fill this heart of mine Make me like you Jesus Christ     5 Man of sorrows you were here Suffered and you died for sinners I know not my days on earth Time for me to die you know Lord On that day receive my soul In Gods bosom bring me then     6 All your promises are true May we trust you and believe you Lord you know our evil thoughts Evil thoughts that seek to harm us May we all come praising you Praise and worship always bring

HYMN 125
1. People that in darkness do dwell Waiting for the light to dawn Now have seen the light of morning Shining from the East they see Come all nations come all peoples Come to see the Light of nations Jesus Christ the Light with us Christ is born in Bethlehem  2 King of kings and Lord of all lords Came from heaven earth to dwell He was born in human likeness In our flesh the King was born In a manger Jesus was laid Son of David Blessed Savior Now has come to save from sin Save us from eternal death     3 Jesus Christ my Lord and Savior Son of God eternal One You came down to wretched sinners You left all your majesty Wondrous love you showed us sinners We will praise you now and ever We shall glorify Father We shall glorify the Son     4 Wretched sinner poor unworthy Weak and nothing such as I God so loved me as a sinner For me also came to die Take my life and heart and body Nothing I withhold from You Lord All my life before You poured This I give to you with thanks

HYMN 126
1. Name of Jesus is above all All the names in earth and heavn Angels all shall bow before Him Satan frightened by this Name  2 Jesus Name all precious Jesus We from Adam too adore In this Name we have salvation We are blessed in Jesus Name

HYMN 127
1. Theres no name in earth and heaven Theres no savior that we know Save in Jesus Christ the Savior Name above all names He has Other names are names of men Sinful flesh only they are  2 Father God you gave us Jesus Precious gift we thank you for Jesus you are Life eternal We exalt and praise your Name We rejoice in you O Lord Spirit God to testify     3 In this Name we have great power We must know the Name of Christ We should pray in this Name only In the Name of Christ Ill die That at last when life is oer Life eternal have in Him

HYMN 128
1. Jesus Christ you came to dwell On this earth in human form Bore for me the just demands All demands for trespasses  2 Adams race we all belong Sinners we are through his blood Corrupted we are by sin Sinful nature we all have     3 Christ the new Adam has come He who has no sin in Him Satisfied all Gods demands And new life He gives to all     4 Guilty sinners all we are Jesus Holy Lamb of God Slain for sinners to redeem We receive you Savior now     5 We were born in sin and death New birth we all have in you With your righteousness and life Children of God we are now

HYMN 129
1. The Temple Mary brought her Child To God present the Child And Simeon saw the Savior Child And satisfied was he  2 He carried Jesus in his arms He blessed God for the Child The Savior of the world he saw He longed for nothing more     3 O Jesus gracious Son of God Grant us such joy we pray And like old Simeon we may say Let us depart in peace     4 Lord when the time of death is near Grant me to pray this prayer Your servant grant to die in peace Depart to be with you

HYMN 13
1. Hallelujah, sing to the Lord, Sing to the Lord with thankful hearts, Sing for His wondrous workings. Forever and forevermore, We'll praise our God alone al-way, Praise, glorify and honor. Sing all, sing now Holy, Holy, Holy, Holy, To the Lord God, God of hosts, we bless you ever.  2 Hallelujah, with joyful hearts, We give you thanks, the Son of God, The Lamb of God, we praise you. The One in whom we have our being, Whose Blood has washed away our sin, Our Bridegroom, Jesus Christ, Lord. Holy, blessings, From Christ Jesus, given to us, We must give thanks, With hearts joyful, we praise you Lord.     3 Hallelujah, with joyful thanks, We praise thee, Holy Spirit, God. From whom we all have new birth. From whom we have a blessed faith, In Jesus our love and Bridegroom, He comes to make us ready. Truly, Heaven, Is a blissful place to live in, Manna, have there, Always sing there, Hallelujah.     4 Hallelujah, with joy and thanks, Sing to the Lord God, ever praise, And glorify His great Name. Join with the heavn'ly host above, With voices loud, come praise His Name, Come praise Father, Son, Spirit. Amen, Amen, Holy, Holy, Holy, Holy, God is Holy, Lord of Hosts is God Jehovah.

HYMN 130
1. From the eastern mountains pressing on they come Wise men in their wisdom to his humble home Stirred by deep devotion hasting from afar Ever journeying onward guided by a Star  2 There their Lord and Savior meek and lowly lay Wondrous Light that led them onward on their way Ever now to lighten nations from afar As they journey homeward by that guiding Star     3 Thou who in a manger once hast lowly lain Who dost now in glory oer all kingdoms reign Gather in the heathen who in lands afar Neer have seen the brightness of thy guiding Star     4 Gather in the outcasts all whove gone astray Throw Thy radiance oer them guide them on their way Those who never knew thee those whove wandered far Guide them by the brightness of Thy guiding Star     5 Onward through the darkness of the lonely night Shining still before them with Thy kindly Light Guide them Jew and Gentile homeward from afar Young and old together by thy guiding Star

HYMN 131
1. As with gladness men of old Did the guiding star behold As with joy they hailed its light Leading onward beaming bright So most gracious Lord may we Evermore be led to Thee  2 As with joyful steps they sped Savior to Thy lowly bed There to bend the knee before Thee whom Heaven and earth adore So may we with willing feet Ever seek the mercy seat     3 As they offered gifts most rare At Thy manger rude and bare So may we with holy joy Pure and free from sins alloy All our costliest treasures bring Christ to Thee our heavenly King     4 Holy Jesus every day Keep us in the narrow way And when earthly things are past Bring our ransomed souls at last Where they need no star to guide Where no clouds Thy glory hide     5 In the heavenly country bright Need they no created light Thou its Light its Joy its Crown Thou its Sun which goes not down There forever may we sing Alleluias to our King

HYMN 132
1. From the East appeared a bright Star Star to guide the Three Wise Men Bright Star sent from God the Father Star to guide them to the Lord Grant this Star to shine for us That we may wise people be  2 Christ my Lord my God my Savior I shall worship and adore Give me strength to love you Jesus That I may give all to you Grant me to be Yours dear Lord Be my Lord for evermore     3 Star of East bright Star of heaven Shine for all in this dark world For this world gropes in the darkness Grant them to behold Your love Draw them to Thyself O Lord Shine O precious Star for all

HYMN 133
1. Rise up ye people of the earth Lift up your heads to heavn The Star of dawn shines in the skies Lead you to Christ the Lord  2 The Star at Bethlehem did shine Bright Star did shine for men The Star that pointed to the Lord Calling men to worship     3 This guiding Star is sure to lead Lead safely to the Lord Grant that this precious Star from you Lead me to faith in Christ     4 All you that dwell in this dark world And all who slumber now Wake up to see the Star of God Blind eyes open to Christ     5 Grant Lord that we may all shall see The True Light of this world Jesus your love to us has brought Grant us to follow You

HYMN 134
1. Give to the King your justice The Son give righteousness That He may judge Thy people In righteousness Hell rule Hell judge the poor with justice Authority He has All those oppressed who suffer Hell judge in righteousness  2 This King shall reign forever Like rain His blessings fall Gods righteousness shall flourish With peace eternal bring His rule shall be forever Till moon shall wax and wane Dominion shall be all His Hell rule in earth and heavn     3 His rule shall cover all earth All nations He shall rule All people shall give honor All people worship Him Bow down His foes before Him The dust lick enemies All kings shall fall before Christ All nations shall serve Him     4 The needy and oppressed ones Deliver when they call The poor who has no helper Youll save and shall redeem With pity you shall save all Down trodden you will lift Their soul is precious to You Youll rescue and restore     5 Blessed is the Lord Jehovah The God of Israel bless In God we have great wonders Wondrous things all we see We glorify Jesus name Well praise Him evermore Holy Spirit we adore Amen so let it be

HYMN 135
1. Shine Great Light shine in the darkness Shine in all Jerusalem Shine upon Bethlehem town now Shine upon us all on earth Savior of the world has come Jesus our Immanuel  2 Before God sent His Light to us All on earth dwelt in darkness Deep darkness covered the whole world Now the dawn of Light we see Star of Christ has now appeared Guide us to the Saviors heart     3 Wise men came afar from eastern Sought for you from Herod king Wicked Herod sought to kill you But his plans God did destroy God did save Christs life from him For He came to save the world     4 Come ye sinners do forsake not Do not turn your backs to Christ He is savior of all sinners Worship Him as Lord and God Tarry not come quickly now Come to Christ who is the Light     5 Come with courage come with all strength Tarry not but run to Christ Come embrace the Lord Your Savior Seek to have from Him His grace Lord we bow before You now We believe in You O Lord     6 When we walk the valley of death When the time of death is near Comfort us O Lord we pray you Let us see the joy above Give us hope in you our God Living hope to die in You

HYMN 136
1. Jesus friend from Heaven You my life doth cheer Lost and wandering sinner Found me and rescued All that this world offers That I cherish most None could satisfy my needs Save You my Lord  2 All my life and being All I give to You Lord to You surrender Take me Lord take me When all suffering shall end When I see You Lord Give me everlasting peace And joy in You

HYMN 137
1. Great Lord Teacher truth You teach us None compares to You dear Lord You are Truth for You are Gods Son We Thy servants learn from You  2 God of wisdom source of true Word None on earth knows Gods true Word You have come from Heavn to bless us Blessings from Your heavenly Home     3 Source of Wisdom Omniscient God You have come to teach us all All about your heavely Kingdom Come within us Lord we pray     4 Sin forgiven is Gods message From the Savior Gods own Son To unite us with His Father That Gods children we might be     5 By this faith we now receive Him Sharing Christs blood and His flesh Heavenly food of Christ our Savior Life eternal to receive     6 Great Lord Teacher Guide our footsteps Lead us safely all the way Hold us near by Thy dear Hand Lord Grant us wisdom from above

HYMN 138
1. O for a thousand tongues to sing My great Redeemers praise The glories of my God and King The triumphs of His grace  2 My gracious Master and my God Assist me to proclaim To spread through all the earth abroad The honors of Thy name     3 Jesus the name that charms our fears That bids our sorrows cease Tis music in the sinners ears Tis life and health and peace     4 He breaks the power of canceled sin He sets the prisoner free His Blood can make the foulest clean His Blood availed for me     5 He speaks and listening to His voice New life the dead receive The mournful broken hearts rejoice The humble poor believe     6 Hear Him ye deaf His praise ye dumb Your loosened tongues employ Ye blind behold your Savior come And leap ye lame for joy     7 Glory to God and praise and love Be ever ever given By saints below and saints above The church on earth and heaven

HYMN 139
1. Jesus Your life example We children learn of you When You were little Child here You learned obedience too Obedient to the Father God You were obedient unto death  2 The Word of God You knew well A boy You knew it all With deep great understanding The teachers You surprised Vain things You loathed all pleasures vain You loved all people helping all     3 Grant me to love the Father Respect to all I give Obedient to my parents As You O Lord did here That I may love my neighbors all Love all to please You Christ my Lord

HYMN 14
1. Jesus savior, Jesus savior Our Redeemer friend; Thou art Lord our God forever You are all our being Through the Cross you have blessed us, Blessings, joy now and ever; Praise and honor, praise and honor; Glory be to Thee  2 Come revive us, come revive us God Almighty come; From our slumber, from our slumber In this world of sin; For our hearts are restless, Lord, Seeking to worship you now. To adore you, to adore you, Now and evermore.

HYMN 140
1. When Jesus was so little Favor He had with God He grew in wisdom knowledge In Spirit love He grew  2 He grew in favor with peers Favor He had with men The love and grace in Jesus Appealed to all around     3 He knew the Scripture as child Jerusalem Christ went To celebrate Passover His parents took Him there     4 He went into the Temple To hear the Word of God He sat among great teachers Great questions He asked them     5 His knowledge they all tested Surprised by what He knew He spoke with wisdom knowledge Surpassing all they knew     6 His parents could not find Him In the Temple He was His passion was for Gods House His Fathers will He sought     7 All children must learn from Christ Be humble like the Lord God and your parents honor And show respect to all     8 Lord help me to be like You Thy House O Lord to dwell Help me to know Your Word Lord Truth inward I may have

HYMN 141
1. We see in Christ such precious life Life that should guide our life on earth His glory did Apostles see In all His words and all He did  2 His cloak in flesh was righteous cloak In human form a perfect man He made His home with us on earth Became like us in flesh and blood     3 He was in Spirit and in flesh Gods nature present in the flesh In Him we see Gods wisdom might The love of God in Him we see     4 Sent by the Father Jesus came He came to be our righteousness Our justification and life To be a Savior sent from Heavn     5 Good tidings brought to afflicted All broken hearts restored by Him Restored the sight of people blind The deaf He granted grace to hear     6 Sinners received in Christ to bless Forgiveness He gave to all such He broke their chains and set them free Favor of God Christ brought to us     7 Jesus has other sheep to bless He calls us now to come to Him Hell bring His lost sheep to the flock The flock of Jesus shall be safe     8 We worship You O Christ our King We glorify and praise Your Name Eternal life You gave to us In You we have sure hope of Heavn

HYMN 142
1. Jesus calls us Oer the tumult Of our lifes wild restless sea Day by day His sweet voice soundeth Saying Christian follow Me  2 As of old Apostles heard it By the Galilean lake Turned from home and toil and kindred Leaving all for His dear sake     3 Jesus calls us from the worship Of the vain worlds golden store From each idol that would keep us Saying Christian love Me more     4 In our joys and in our sorrows Days of toil and hours of ease Still He calls in cares and pleasures That we love Him more than these     5 Jesus calls us By Thy mercies Savior make us hear Thy call Give our hearts to Thine obedience Serve and love Thee best of all

HYMN 143
1. When Jesus was a little boy Little we knew of Him But what we know from Him we learn A child must please the Lord  2 Jesus was humble meek and mild His parents He obeyed He did not act as Son of God Himself He made so low     3 Jerusalem He went at twelve Tradition He fulfilled His Father was His hearts desire The Temple as His home     4 As Savior of the world He knew He must be close to God Be close to Him in all His life Here on earth as in Heavn     5 He had great respect for Joseph He learned from him his trade He was so close to His mother He loved and honored her     6 For thirty years He was at home Obedient was to all He stayed at home His parents helped No pride He showed to them     7 That we may grow in wisdom love With grace grow strong in Christ That you may have favor with all And favor with the Lord

HYMN 144
1. Jesus You are perfect Teacher Teach us way to God the Father Your word is the only way That will lead us to the Lord  2 Those that listen to Your Word Lord And do fellowship with brethren They shall have Your grace to live And salvation they shall have     3 Jesus You have taught me Your Word Grant the Word to dwell within me Grant me love for You O Lord Help me Lord to do Your will     4 Help me Lord to love You dearly Love You more than anything else Help me Lord my neighbor love Love him as I love myself     5 Let me be like You Lord Jesus Make me meek gentle and humble Peaceful Lord I seek to be Learn from You what is so right     6 Jesus if Your Word I follow None can separate me from You Lord Your peace I shall always have Now and evermore Amen

HYMN 145
1. What grace O Lord and beauty shone Around Thy steps below What patient love was seen in all Thy life and death of woe  2 For ever on Thy burdened heart A weight of sorrow hung Yet no ungentle murmuring word Escaped Thy silent tongue     3 Thy foes might hate despise revile Thy friends unfaithful prove Unwearied in forgiveness still Thy heart could only love     4 O give us hearts to love like Thee Like Thee O Lord to grieve Far more for others sins than all The wrongs that we receive     5 One with Thyself may every eye In us Thy brethren see The gentleness and grace that spring From union Lord with Thee

HYMN 146
1. To us Jesus gave His life Example He set for us His Word shows us what to do Lay our lives for others here  2 Jesus left His Fathers Throne Meekly became flesh like us Patiently He sought His own Gently we must seek to serve     3 He obeyed His Father here Enemies of Him He loved Sinners He has comforted Christ expects the same from us     4 Faithfully He worked on earth Kingdom of Heaven He preached As He kept His Fathers Word So we must seek to serve God     5 As Christ Jesus lived on earth Seeking always to do right So we must flee from all sin Be like Him in all conduct     6 Faithful all must be in life What is needful here to do Serve the Lord in faithfulness He says learn to be like Me     7 As You died forgiving us And You blessed us with Your life So we must forgive all men Grant us grace to end life well

HYMN 147
1. Our great Shepherd Christ Lord Jesus Laid His life for His own flock For their safety and salvation He gave all for His dear sheep  2 Jesus knows His sheep so well Calling each by name as friends When they hear His voice they answer And they follow to the end     3 Do you want to come to Jesus Do you hear His call to save Do you have the life of Jesus Hear Him calling you today     4 Gracious Lord I bow before You Let me dwell in You my Lord Let me follow trust and love You That Thy glory I may seek

HYMN 148
1. Great Shepherd of the flock Jesus my Lord you came for us You are our Priest and King You are our Lord and salvation Good news we hear Precious food we have in it Nothing we lack if we have this  2 Good Shepherd Jesus Christ Your life You sacrificed for us God loved the world so much He gave His life through this Shepherd His precious Blood Precious Blood purchased our life Now we rejoice as Gods children     3 Shepherd You know Your own You know them well and they know You Your love for them is deep Deep as the Fathers love for You In this great Love You laid Your life for sinners Flock disobedient You loved all     4 We are Your flock O Lord Sheep dreadful we are before You And the heathen O Lord You called Salvation to grant them Lord we are Yours We belong to You dear Lord Make us Your own O Good Shepherd     5 Come Lord abide with me Come Lord protect me Thy servant Temptations strong abound Satan seeks always to trap me Protect me Lord Refuge I seek in Thee Lord And help me overcome evil

HYMN 149
1. Jesus Christ You are the Shepherd Shepherd good and kind and great Let me be Your sheep dear Shepherd For Your voice I have heard Lord You have laid Your life dear Shepherd For Your sheep You always save them Lord I need You hear my cry Love me as Your sheep I pray  2 Your sheep know You Great Good Shepherd And You know them by their name Grant me Lord to love You dearly For You laid Your life for me When fierce wolves sought me to kill me When they sought me to destroy me Lord You heard my humble cry Came to me and rescued me     3 Weak my faith O Lord You know me But by grace You hear me Lord In tribulations and suffering In my trials You I seek Grant Your servant victory Jesus Grant me joy with gladness always Hear my humble cry I pray Hear me Lord to You I cry     4 Fervently I seek Thee O Lord Turn Thy ear to me O God Live in me and grant me great joy Grace Lord multiply to me You are Yes and Amen dear Lord In all things I seek Thee Jesus I believe You Son of God Great peace Lord I have in You

HYMN 15
1. Praise the Lord, you heavens, adore Him; Praise Him, angels in the height; Sun and moon, rejoice before Him, Praise Him, all your stars of light.  2 Praise the Lord! for He has spoken; Worlds His mighty voice obeyed; Laws which never shall be broken For their guidance has He made.     3 Praise the Lord! for He is glorious; Never shall His promise fail; God has made His saints victorious; Sin and death shall not prevail.     4 Praise the God of our salvation! Hosts on high, His power proclaim; Heaven and earth, and all creation, Laud and magnify His name.

HYMN 150
1. Word of God Gods blessed message May I treasure every hour That I may know Christ my Savior And His gracious blessedness  2 When He called the little children With much joy He called them all Calling them to come to Jesus Called to share His Kingdom life     3 With a heart of love He took them Laying gracious hands on them Then He blessed them as the Savior All the children Jesus blessed     4 He restored the sick among them Healing all who came to Him And befriended those regarded Outcasts in this world of sin     5 He came also for the worthless For such He came down from Heavn Saving them from all their evil Giving them eternal life     6 Lord prepare all those you save here For your glory High above Calling all who seek you truly Saying Come to me all men     7 To the Lord my gracious Master I shall bow and worship now In tears I would come before Thee And will glorify Thy Name

HYMN 151
1. Forty days and forty nights You were fasting in the wild Forty days and forty nights Tempted and yet undefiled  2 Sunbeams scorching all the day Chilly dewdrops nightly shed Prowling beasts about Thy way Stones Thy pillow earth Thy bed     3 Should not we Thy sorrow share And from worldly joys abstain Fasting with unceasing prayer Strong with Thee to suffer pain     4 Then if Satan on us press Jesus Savior hear our call Victor in the wilderness Grant we may not faint nor fall     5 So shall we have peace divine Holier gladness ours shall be Round us too shall angels shine Such as ministered to Thee

HYMN 152
1. All hail the power of Jesus Name Let angels prostrate fall  Bring forth the royal diadem And crown Him  Refrain And crown Him Lord of all  2 Ye chosen seed of Israels race Ye ransomed from the fall  Hail Him who saves you by His grace And crown Him  Refrain     3 Sinners whose love can neer forget The wormwood and the gall  Go spread your trophies at His feet And crown Him  Refrain     4 Let every kindred every tribe On this terrestrial ball  To Him all majesty ascribe And crown Him  Refrain     5 O that with yonder sacred throng We at His feet may fall  Well join the everlasting song And crown Him  Refrain

HYMN 153
1. How do I welcome Jesus I long to see Him now Desire of all the nations My heart desires You Lord Oh Jesus Jesus Savior Shine bright Your light in me Your radiant love and joy show Fill all my life I pray  2 You saints of Zions city Palm branches hold and praise Ill join to sing the praises With heart and soul and mind And give You thanks and honor To glorify Your Name With all my life Ill worship And glorify Your Name     3 Your great salvation blessings Great joy in this I have My burden and my sorrows In Him are lifted now I have in Him all blessings Gods Kingdom heir with Christ In Him I have great comfort And joy eternally     4 In sin I was a captive But You have set me free A wretch a shameful sinner You gave Your life for me Such blessings You have showered With gifts eternally Undefiled gifts rich treasures Youve kept for me in Heavn     5 Be anxious not nor worried Fear not for Christ has come Jesus the Savior is here He will deliver you In great love God has come down In mercy He has come Hes come to save us from sin From death He has saved us

HYMN 154
1. Ride on ride on in majesty Hark all the tribes Hosanna cry O Savior meek pursue Thy road With palms and scattered garments strowed  2 Ride on ride on in majesty In lowly pomp ride on to die O Christ Thy triumph now begin Oer captive death and conquered sin     3 Ride on ride on in majesty The wingd squadrons of the sky Look down with sad and wondering eyes To see the approaching sacrifice     4 Ride on ride on in majesty Thy last and fiercest strife is nigh The Father on His sapphire Throne Expects His own Anointed Son     5 Ride on ride on in majesty In lowly pomp ride on to die Bow Thy meek head to mortal pain Then take O God Thy power and reign

HYMN 155
1. Jesus You are the Son of God Why did You suffer shamefully Why did strong soldiers come for You Molested You and caused You pain  2 Among Your people too You dwelt You were a Hebrew You were kind No sin You committed in life They hated You without a cause     3 The Father granted this to be He sent His only Son to us To be a sacrifice for us The Lamb of God was sent to save     4 Obedient Jesus came to us The Fathers Will He came to do Working the works of God alone The works of God He came to do     5 Grant Lord that I may not forget The pains You bore for all my sin In all my life and unto death Remembering that You died for me

HYMN 156
1. The Lamb of God the Savior Nailed to the Cross crucified Bleeding to die for us The King of all creation Himself He gave to suffer He suffered humiliation here  2 Come friend behold your Savior Christ He who suffered for sin In agonizing pain Bearing our condemnation Condemned to death though holy The Holy One died on the Cross     3 Lord Jesus who did strike You Who caused the pain You suffered You righteous God of love Our sin and our rebellion Caused You this grief and sorrow You just and Holy One of God     4 My sin so great and heavy The sin of all humankind Is placed on Christ the Lord He bore it all to hell went For all the world He suffered He suffered death and hell for us     5 Lord I deserve to suffer And be in hell forever Eternal death suffer The scourge You suffered was mine My punishment for sin took Dear Jesus You have loved me much     6 Into hell You descended From death rescued this sinner From frightful death rescued Both sin and death You conquered Your grave secured the victry What wondrous love Lord You have shown

HYMN 157
1. Jesus fount of life eternal In Your death I have new life You laid down Your life for sinners Our sin and shame You did bear Rescued us from death eternal Gave us life eternal instead Savior Lord I give You thanks Glorious King I worship You  2 Jesus You are Holy righteous Son of Holy God You are You were beaten mocked and tortured Great shame You did suffer here For my sake You suffered all this That Your glory I may now share Savior Lord I give You thanks Glorious King I worship You     3 By Your condescension Jesus You did save me from my pride For my boasting and my proud life You descended to the grave In the crown of thorns that You wore You did suffer great abasement Savior Lord I give You thanks Glorious King I worship You

HYMN 158
1. Jesus my Savior to Bethlehem came Laid in a manger to sorrow and shame O it was wonderful blest be His name Seeking for me for me Seeking for me for me Seeking for me for me O it was wonderful blest be His name Seeking for me for me  2 Jesus my Savior on Calvarys tree Paid the great debt and my soul He set free O it was wonderful how could it be Dying for me for me Dying for me for me Dying for me for me O it was wonderful how could it be Dying for me for me     3 Jesus my Savior the same as of old While I was wandring in darkness and cold Gently and long did He plead with my soul Calling for me for me Calling for me for me Calling for me for me Gently and long did He plead with my soul Calling for me for me     4 Jesus my Savior shall come from on high Sweet is the promise as weary years fly O I shall see Him descend from the sky Coming for me for me Coming for me for me Coming for me for me O I shall see Him descend from the sky Coming for me for me

HYMN 159
1. O Holy Lamb of God who suffered death Redeeming sinners with Your Blood for God Worthy You are to receive all thanks and praise Glory and might and honor give to You  2 O Holy Lamb of God that once was slain The One who saved us with His Holy Blood Worthy You are to receive all thanks and praise All glory might and honor be to You

HYMN 16
1. Jehovah Father, Mighty God, In you we have our lives, With all our soul and flesh and mind, Your gracious call we hear, Our hearts rejoice in you.  2 A loving Father, is our God, So heed His gracious call, And let us praise His Holy Name, Before His presence dwell, Have everlasting peace.     3 A true savior is Christ the Lord, Jesus, who came from heav'n, He came to save us all mankind, Christ suffered for our sin, He died to save us all.     4 And, therefore, come now to the Lord, Give Him thanks, worship Him, Proclaim Him as the Lord of all, Love Him with all your heart, Salvation He has brought.

HYMN 160
1. Lord take me with You in the Garden Help me to pray with You dear Lord Grant me to kneel beside You Jesus Grant me to be with You always You are the Teacher best for me Teach me to pray as You would do  2 In agony You went to pray there Great agony before You lay I must remember this great suffering Keep in my heart this agony Lord when I come and kneel to pray Make me feel burdened for my sin     3 Alone You prayed before Your passion You were with God alone in prayer Like You I must learn to be quiet In silence pray to God on high I must leave all behind and seek And be with You alone in prayer     4 You are the Son of God the Father Abba Father we are Your Saints This blessing we have from the Father His love for us is full and free Father keep me so close always And hear me when I pray O Lord     5 Lord I desire to pray in earnest Teach me to pray aright always Lord prune me purge me from things lustful Help me to dwell on things above Father incline Thy ear to me Dear Father grant me be with You

HYMN 161
1. Lamb of God without blemish Christ Jesus You died to save us Silently You bore suffering Insults and shame all You did bear The sin of this world You bore Comfort you brought to all sinners Have mercy Lord Lord have mercy  2 Lamb of God without blemish That taketh the worlds sin away Christ You alone can save us None can save us from Gods great wrath If You had not stood for us Eternal hell well suffer then Have mercy Lord Lord have mercy     3 Lamb of God without blemish You are the Lord most Holy God Died on the cross for sinners You died for all men and women Atonement you have made Lord We thank You Jesus for Your love Give us peace Lord Peace eternal

HYMN 162
1. My Servant shall be prosperous In wisdom He shall act Hell do the work I give Him My nation He shall save Truth is His nature always Youll know Him by the Truth He shall be lifted for all He shall be crucified  2 He was despised rejected No form He had to please A man of sorrows was He We turned away from Him But He bore grief for all men Our sorrows He carried He bore for us transgressors Chastisement we deserved     3 All we like sheep have scattered We all have gone astray Our sin was placed on Jesus God laid on Him our guilt For wrong we did He suffered The judgment put on Him Suffered my iniquity He died for all my sin     4 Oppressed and much afflicted Silent was He in all Like sheep before its shearers He opened not His mouth Dump was He when He suffered He did not seek relief Silent remained in suffering He opened not His mouth     5 They cut Him off out of land Cast from the living here He made Himself an offering He gave Himself for us He soon shall see His offspring His days God shall prolong Hell see the fruit of travail He shall be satisfied

HYMN 163
1. Joyful you should be O sinner Jesus Christ suffered much for you Precious cleansing Blood of Jesus Draw from you tears of thanksgiving On the Cross He died to save you Seek eternal life in this act Life from Jesus who died for us Joy and peace you have in Jesus  2 Dreadful is your state O sinner Hell youll suffer but for Jesus You were dead and blind as sinner Evil life you lived in this world Condemned by the Law in Scripture Merit you have none as sinner Merit there is none in earth or Heavn There is none to save a sinner     3 Worthless are your sacrifices Sacrifice to please the Lord God Jesus is your only Savior Crown of thorns He wore as Savior With deep groans and pain He suffered Completed redemption for us To Him be all praise and glory Give Him thanks for He died for you     4 Sin is heavy and so frightening Much distress it causes sinners Sin too frightens us unto death Heavy burden lays upon us Treasures great cant take away sin There is nothing you can offer Go to Calvarys Cross see Jesus Only Christ can save the sinner     5 Come you sinner saved by Jesus Give Him honor praise and glory Labor not to save your own soul Work Christ did is full and complete Take the gift Christ Jesus gives you Be assured Christ died to save you Proclaim unto death this Good News Jesus Christ is Lord and Savior

HYMN 164
1. In the wounds of Christ my Savior Mortal wounds on Him I see In these wounds I have a blessing In these wounds Christ paid the price In this Christ did die for sin Condemnation I dread not For I have such sure salvation Now I hate the life of sinners  2 When temptations come to me Lord Help me to remember You When the flesh is craving evil Turn my eyes to see Your wounds Satan comes temptations bring Let me point him to Your cross There hell see the Blood You shed Lord Then that Blood will make Satan flee     3 In all sufferings and in all pain I remember You O Lord As You suffered much for sinners No cross shall be great to bear In the Cross we have a Crown Blessings on high help me see In all sufferings for You Jesus Great reward awaits your servants     4 All my hope is in You Jesus You my Rock and refuge Lord You have conquered death by your Death Sting of death you have removed Nothing here I dread again None can separate me from You For Thy glory You have saved me I shall be with You Lord always

HYMN 165
1. Jesus keep me near the Cross There a precious fountain Free to all a healing stream Flows from Calvarys mountain Refrain In the Cross in the Cross Be my glory ever Till my raptured soul shall find Rest beyond the river  2 Near the Cross a trembling soul Love and mercy found me There the bright and morning star Sheds its beams around me Refrain     1 Jesus keep me near the Cross There a precious fountain Free to all a healing stream Flows from Calvarys mountain Refrain In the Cross in the Cross Be my glory ever Till my raptured soul shall find Rest beyond the river     2 Near the Cross a trembling soul Love and mercy found me There the bright and morning star Sheds its beams around me Refrain     5 Near the Cross O Lamb of God Bring its scenes before me Help me walk from day to day With its shadow oer me Refrain     6 Near the Cross Ill watch and wait Hoping trusting ever Till I reach the golden strand Just beyond the river Refrain

HYMN 166
1. See Jesus Son of God the Father Lay on the Cross as crucified for you See how His blood was shed for sinners No mind can comprehend such love of God No friend could love us lay down life for us But Jesus came to us and died for us  2 What tragic death You faced my Master What painful sorrow filled Your heart of love Gods blood flowed from the wounds You suffered The Blood of Covenant was shed for us The precious blood that speaks for all mankind The Blood of Christ that takes away our sins     3 God planned this well before creation A Sacrifice for sin He planned for us The Lamb of God was known before time At Gods appointed time He came to us Mediator great the Savior of the world Christ Jesus Son of God is with us now     4 My heart is filled with thanks for Jesus I yield to Him my heart and soul and mind I long to see you Lord my Savior Be with You always with all Saints in Heavn And join to sing Your praise and worship You Our glorious Jesus Christ we worship You

HYMN 167
1. In the Garden Jesus praying Drops of blood came out as sweat He was given many lashes Crowned with thorns He bled from these In His feet were driven large nails His Hands also they pierced with nails In His side was thrust a spear Blood and water gushed out much  2 In Christs Blood we see Gods Promise Covenant of God we have For salvation of all sinners Sinners with God reconciled Jesus Body is the True Bread And His Blood also the True Wine All with faith in Christ the Lord Life eternal they shall have     3 Precious Blood of Jesus we have All we need to cleanse our sin Precious Blood true drink we need now Drink to heal the soul of sin Jesus Blood treasure from Heaven Like a great dew into our soul Blood that speaks for me so well Jesus You my Lord Ill praise     4 Precious Blood I need You always Strength I need from You also When I see the Blood Im strengthened I remember Gods own love I have confidence in this Blood Safe forever in Jesus Christ Nothing can my hope destroy For Christ Jesus shed His Blood     5 To the Lord we give our bodies Give our spirit soul and all To Christ Jesus who gave us life For Him now we live His life And when this short life be over In His Blood well come to Heaven We shall leave all in this world Be with Him forever more

HYMN 168
1. Spirit of Jesus Christ my Lord Cleanse me from all unrighteousness Life in His death I claim for me Heal me in every part O Lord  2 The Blood and Water from Thy side Wash me from every sin dear Lord Cleanse me and make me holy Lord Give me eternal life by this     3 The agony of Christ His sweat Testified that He bore my sin His life hanged there on shameful Cross In this I boast my only claim     4 Lord Jesus hear my humble plea Come hide me in your Spirit Lord Protect me from the evil one And heal me with Thy stripes O Lord     5 Lord when the time of death is near Grant me to come before Thy Throne Join with the Hosts of Heavn above Thy Glory singing praising You

HYMN 169
1. Jesus is my loving Savior Christ my peace and joy and friend You came down in grief for sinners You came to this world of sin And You suffered pain and sorrow For my sin and trespasses By Your Blood You paid the wages By Your death You conquered death  2 Love was manifest in Jesus Gethsemane Cross tells all Love was manifest in suffering Love was shown for all mankind Love that did not seek His own life But gave up all that He owned Bore the curse for sin committed Sin committed by mankind     3 Love so strong Love of Jehovah Love disgraced and suffered shame Love deep rooted love unshaken Love so strong death cant destroy Love with no end for us sinners Love that spoke in Christs last breath Love eternal love unending Love beyond the grave we have     4 We see Love that gave up all rights Injustice too Love suffered Love was pierced by sinful people Loved suffered wounded by us Love was judged by cruel people Love rejected by all men Love condemned for our redemption Love was crucified for us     5 Love did not resist mans evil Love was nailed upon the Cross Love whose hands had blessed all people His own hands were pierced with nails Christ rejected by the Father When He bore our sin so dark Man of sorrows Christ our Savior Love no one can comprehend     6 Love with Hands stretched out to save us Hands stretched out to welcome us Love so full of grace and mercy Love redeemed us for the Lord Love expressed in Jesus last words It is finished all is done Love that gives us life eternal Love with blessings evermore

HYMN 17
1. Sing joyful songs, with praise and thanks, To God, the loving Father. For all His wondrous works in us, In Him we have all blessings. And joy eternal now we have, In Him, we have such peace in death, O magnify the Father.  2 The hosts of heav'n give thanks to you, King of all kings, Almighty. And we on earth join in this praise, Join to extol the Father. To praise and glorify the Lord, The One who made all things so well, O magnify the Father.     3 All creatures that the Lord has made, God loves, and He provides for. His eyes are upon all things made, And He sustains all creatures. God's Kingdom and His subjects too, And all things in the universe, O Magnify the Father.     4 In my distress to you I called, Hear all my supplications. Deliver me from death, O Lord, Save me from death by grace, Lord. So shall I praise the Lord my God, All join me in this song of praise, O Magnify the Father.     5 Come all before the Lord our God, Come now with joyful worship. Fulfill your vows before the Lord And give Him praise eternal. For God has done all things so well, And He deserves our praise and thanks, O Magnify the Father.

HYMN 170
1. And can it be that I should gain An interest in the Saviors blood Died He for me who caused His pain For me who Him to death pursued Amazing love How can it be That Thou my God shouldst die for me Amazing love How can it be That Thou my God shouldst die for me  2 Tis mystery all The Immortal dies Who can explore his strange design In vain the firstborn seraph tries To sound the depths of love divine Tis mystery all Let earth adore Let angel minds inquire no more Tis mystery all Let earth adore Let angel minds inquire no more     3 Long my imprisoned spirit lay Fast bound in sin and natures night Thine eye diffused a quickening ray I woke the dungeon flamed with light My chains fell off my heart was free I rose went forth and followed Thee My chains fell off my heart was free I rose went forth and followed Thee     4 No condemnation now I dread Jesus and all in Him is mine Alive in Him my living Head And clothed in righteousness Divine Bold I approach the eternal Throne And claim the crown through Christ my own Bold I approach the eternal Throne And claim the crown through Christ my own

HYMN 171
1. See Jesus Christ the Savior Hanged on the Cross dying And from the Cross He cried out With love for us His friends His Hands stretched out inviting Those for whose sake He died Merciful gracious Savior Gods love He gave to us  2 Christ bore my sin and judgment When on the Cross He laid My sinful nature grieves me The pain of pride I feel For sin Christ suffered gravely How could I grieve You so Lord grant me grace to give up All sin and vanities     3 When Im tempted discouraged With pressures sore with pain To You I look dear Jesus Remember all Your pain Great suffering and great sorrow For me You suffered all Therefore with pleasure bear all The cross you choose for me     4 How can I now forget You Who bore my load of sin My condemnation You bore The Cross always remind From your pierced side the Blood flowed The Blood You shed for me I see Your Death in this Blood And worship You my Lord

HYMN 172
1. O come and mourn with me awhile And tarry here the cross beside O come together let us mourn Jesus our Lord is crucified  2 Have we no tears to shed for Him While soldiers scoff and foes deride Ah look how patiently He hangs Jesus our Lord is crucified     3 How fast His hands and feet are nailed His blessed tongue with thirst is tied His failing eyes are blind with blood Jesus our Lord is crucified     4 His mother cannot reach His face She stands in helplessness beside Her heart is martyred with her Sons Jesus our Lord is Crucified     5 Seven times He spoke seven words of love And all three hours His silence cried For mercy on the souls of men Jesus our Lord is crucified     6 Come let us stand beneath the cross So may the blood from out His side Fall gently on us drop by drop Jesus our Lord is crucified     7 A broken heart a fount of tears Ask and they will not be denied A broken heart loves cradle is Jesus our Lord is crucified     8 O love of God O sin of man In this dread act Your strength is tried And victory remains with love For Thou our Lord art crucified

HYMN 173
1. There is a green hill far away Without a city wall Where the dear Lord was crucified Who died to save us all  2 We may not know we cannot tell What pains He had to bear But we believe it was for us He hung and suffered there     3 He died that we might be forgiven He died to make us good That we might go at last to Heaven Saved by His precious Blood     4 There was no other good enough To pay the price for sin He only could unlock the gate Of Heaven and let us in     5 O dearly dearly has He loved And we must love Him too And trust in His redeeming Blood And try His works to do

HYMN 174
1. Hark my soul it is the Lord Tis thy Savior hear His Word Jesus speaks and speaks to thee Say poor sinner lovst thou Me  2 I delivered thee when bound And when bleeding healed thy wound Sought thee wandering set thee right Turned thy darkness into light     3 Can a womans tender care Cease toward the child she bare Yes she may forgetful be Yet will I remember thee     4 Mine is an unchanging love Higher than the heights above Deeper than the depths beneath Free and faithful strong as death     5 Thou shalt see My glory soon When the work of grace is done Partner of My throne shalt be Say poor sinner lovst thou Me     6 Lord it is my chief complaint That my love is weak and faint Yet I love Thee and adore O for grace to love Thee more

HYMN 175
1. The crown of thorns You wore O Lord Reminds me what You are The King of kings suffered for me My pains You bore as King I bow before You Jesus Christ And worship You my King What love You showed me Jesus Christ Wonderful God You are  2 My shameful sinful prideful life From this You suffered shame You stooped so low to save me Lord From hell You rescued me My sin You have forgiven me My punishment You bore And now I have great treasures there You stored for me in Heavn     3 How can I thank You Lord Jesus My life Ill give to You You suffered for me poor sinner You suffered for my sin Grant me to praise You Jesus Christ Bow down to worship You Before Your Gorious Throne in Heavn Ill praise and worship You

HYMN 176
1. O sacred Head sore wounded With grief and shame weighed down Now scornfully surrounded With thorns Thine only crown O sacred Head what glory What bliss till now was Thine Yet though despised and gory I joy to call Thee mine  2 What thou my Lord hast suffered Was all for sinners gain Mine mine was the transgression But Thine the deadly pain Lo here I fall my Saviour Tis I deserve Thy place Look on me with Thy favor Vouchsafe to me Thy grace     3 What language shall I borrow To thank Thee dearest Friend For this Thy dying sorrow Thy pity without end O make me Thine forever And should I fainting be Lord let me never never Outlive my love to Thee     4 Be near when I am dying O show Thy cross to me And for my succor flying Come Lord to set me free These eyes new faith receiving From Jesus shall not move For he who dies believing Dies safely through Thy love

HYMN 177
1. Man of Sorrows what a name For the Son of God who came Ruined sinners to reclaim Hallelujah What a Savior  2 Bearing shame and scoffing rude In my place condemned He stood Sealed my pardon with His Blood Hallelujah What a Savior     3 Guilty vile and helpless we Spotless Lamb of God was He Full atonement can it be Hallelujah What a Savior     4 Lifted up was He to die It is finished was His cry Now in Heaven exalted high Hallelujah What a Savior     5 When He comes our glorious King All His ransomed Home to bring Then anew His song well sing Hallelujah What a Savior

HYMN 178
1. My dear Lord Jesus no crime Youve committed You were condemned Lord for no wrong You did here Injustice You faced but no guile found in You You were not sinful  2 Scourged by the soldiers crown of thorns they gave you They slapped you dear Lord spat upon You Jesus Fully they stretched you on the Cross they hanged You Nothing wrong You did     3 Hatred cruelty You did suffer Jesus Hate from my life Lord was a pain You suffered My sin and my guilt all was put on You Lord The curse was all mine     4 Shock we experienced that You chose to suffer For sinful people you were substituted Choosing to bear sin and to pay the great price You are God of Love     5 For such Love dear Lord You came down to suffer For those that wallowed in sin You did suffer For my transgression and for foolish life lived For this You died Lord     6 What shall I render how can I thank You Lord How shall I praise you for the great love shown me This love is so great higher than my thoughts Lord Show what I must do     7 Now I shall nail all my lust upon the Cross But Lord I have no strength to crucify lust Therefore Lord give me strength to overcome this Strengthen me to please     8 I seek to follow as a faithful servant Help me not heed calls of men to seek pleasure If I should suffer from hate and from envy Ill not forsake You

HYMN 179
1. My sin with all the wages Is placed on Christ the Lamb My sin and its damnation I cannot bear the load The burden laid on Jesus He bore all on the Cross The precious Blood Jesus shed My sin it washed away  2 I found a place to lay all At Calvarys Cross the place There too I found great blessings Eternal life I gained Jesus my Savior carried My sin and died for me From Gods wrath He has saved me The Blood speaks peace for me     3 My soul did nearly perish Perish in hell from sin You saved me and embraced me Your life you gave for me I love the Name of Jesus Immanuel God with us My life is filled with fragrance Fragrance of God I love     4 I long to be like Jesus To love as You have loved I pray to You dear Jesus Make me a child of God That I may dwell in Heaven Before the Throne of God And worship Son and Father All hosts join in this praise

HYMN 18
1. Bless the Lord God O my soul, Praise the Lord and magnify Him. Earth and heav'n are yours O Lord, None can comprehend your glory. You are glorious you change not, You are everlasting God.  2 Cherubim and Seraphim, Sing your praises without ceasing. Host of angels too in Heav'n, Glorify and honor your Name. They unite to sing always, Holy, Holy, Holy Lord.     3 Prophets too of old you sent, And the Saints already with you; All together magnify, Glorify your Name and honor. All the Saints here join the throng, Give you thanks and worship you.     4 We here on earth join this song, Strong, weak, young and old we [come now. Praise the Lord and worship Him, Give to Him the glory due Him. Lord, your holy Church on earth, Give you praise and worship you.     5 Gracious Father in your love, You did give to us Christ Jesus. You have saved us by His life, You have made Him King forever. By your Holy Spirit, Lord We are now made Saints in you.     6 Gracious Father, keep us still, Jesus Christ, have mercy on us. Gracious Spirit cleanse us now, Guide us in the heav'nly way Lord. When we see you Lord in Heav'n, We shall praise you evermore.

HYMN 180
1. The death of Christ is precious treasure I must keep this in heart always The wages paid for me by Jesus Have blessed my heart and strengthened me To Christ is due all thanks and worship He poured His precious Blood to save In this poor sinner has salvation Im blessed forever by His death  2 Dear Jesus Christ my Lord and Savior You came to rescue me from sin I know my life my sin and struggles For this You came to die for me I though unworthy sinner wretched You loved me and You came to me For this I love You and Ill praise you And live to please You O my God

HYMN 181
1. Gethsemane Gethsemane Well not forget ever There Jesus Christ suffered so much There suffered pain and sorrow Prayed fervently in anguish prayed He shed blood as His sweat His passion we shall not forget Deep love He had for us  2 Gethsemane and Golgotha The battle ground for Christ He shed His precious Blood for us For sinners He suffered The Savior of the world came down Great pain and grief He had The fight you fought and victory won Well remember always     3 O Jesus Christ our precious Lord Gracious and loving Friend Let nations come and praise You now For death You died to save You suffered for our sin O Lord You died for humankind Our Master and our Savior Christ We love You dearly Lord

HYMN 182
1. When I survey the wondrous Cross On which the Prince of glory died My richest gain I count but loss And pour contempt on all my pride  2 Forbid it Lord that I should boast Save in the death of Christ my God All the vain things that charm me most I sacrifice them to His Blood     3 See from His head His hands His feet Sorrow and love flow mingled down Did eer such love and sorrow meet Or thorns compose so rich a crown     4 His dying crimson like a robe Spreads oer His body on the tree Then I am dead to all the globe And all the globe is dead to me     5 Were the whole realm of nature mine That were an offering far too small Love so amazing so divine Demands my soul my life my all

HYMN 183
1. Golgotha you soul must go There to touch the Cross of Jesus See His sufferings on the Cross Ponder much how God has loved you If this draws no tears from you Then you have a heart of stone  2 Sorrow great filled heart of Christ He became a curse for our sin All His Blood was poured for sin All His strength was spent for sinners Man of sorrows Son of God Jesus died to save us all     3 Lamb of God you had no guilt On you lay my guilt and suffering Painfully you bore it all Grace abundant we have from you You went to the Cross for us No more now we fear the curse     4 Lamb of God the Holy God You alone I seek to love now Lord I seek to follow you Help me as you did for Peter Keep my heart reserved for you Keep me always loving you     5 What you seek this I now give Take my heart and all my being Nothing I withhold from you All my life belongs to you Lord You are mine for evermore Make me yours for evermore

HYMN 184
1. At Golgotha the skull place What do we seek to find We see the Son of God there He hanged on tree of shame God gave His Son for sinners He died to save us all What praises must we offer To Him who died for us  2 When He had suffered for us When He died on the Tree He rose again victorious He went to be with God His Saints shall see His glory His majesty well see But all who now reject Him Shall fear and tremble much     3 The Day of Judgment shall come All people shall be there We all shall stand before Him What claim we shall have then Lord Jesus make us ready Fill us with grace from you That we may not be condemned When you come as the Judge

HYMN 185
1. Jesus Christ the crucified Lord Christ my souls desire and thirst My souls longing is Christ Jesus Christ who loved me dearly so In my heart I treasure Him Meditate on Him always When in trouble or in distress Crucified Lord I shall love Thee  2 Now I see the reason clearly See why Christ died on the Cross Humiliation shame and suffering All were borne by Christ the Lord In distress He bore my sin Painful death He died for me Therefore living or when dying Crucified Lord I shall love Thee     3 Nothing gives my soul deep pleasure Nothing makes me bold and brave Flesh is nothing weak and so frail Satans strength I cannot match But in Christ I have all joy Now in Him I nothing lack None can separate me from Jesus Crucified Lord I shall love Thee     4 Who can bring a charge against me Wholl separate me from Christs love On that Day the Day of Judgment On the Day the Bridegroom comes On that day Hell bring a crown For His faithful ones to wear Therefore all must hear me clearly Crucified Lord I shall love Thee

HYMN 186
1. Jesus Saviors life is my life By whose death He died for me You who gave yourself so freely Bore my suffering bore my death Took my place to suffer for me Saved my soul from death eternal Thousand times ten thousands more I shall praise you Jesus Christ  2 You preferred to have men scorn you Humiliate and torture you Spat upon you scourged and mocked you Christ the Holy One of God But you saved poor sinners by this Satans chains you shattered them all Thousand times ten thousands more I shall praise you Jesus Christ     3 I was proud and wretched sinner In humility You saved By your suffering and Your dying Now I have eternal life The disgrace and shame You suffered These also have brought You honor Thousand times ten thousands more I shall praise You Jesus Christ     4 For all these Ill praise my Savior With my heart Ill give You thanks I have seen Your wounds and suffering I have seen the painful death Agonizing pain and sorrow You were tortured for all my sins For all these You bore for me Everlasting thanks Ill give

HYMN 187
1. Savior we thank you from our hearts Life fullness we have from your death Jesus Your Blood You shed for us To reconcile us back to God  2 We plead with you Oh Jesus Christ Healing receive from wounded stripes Thy stripes may heal our souls of sin Peace lasting we have from Your life     3 Guard us O Lord from love of sin Grant strength to overcome all sin In painful tribulations Lord Patiently sustain us dear Lord     4 Help us to see Thy Cross O Lord Great confidence we have in You Be with us Lord throughout this life Grant us to share Thy joy above

HYMN 188
1. Mediator Jesus our High Priest in Heaven You plead with God interceding for us You plead for sinners redeemed by your death Lord For those you died those you loved died to save I am unable to pray as I ought Lord Speak for me Lord you are advocate for me  2 Dear Lord we thank You great love you have shown us How you loved Mary your mother on earth How in death You committed Your dear mother To John your friend to provide what shell need You loved Your own to the end You did love them Be with us Lord be with us all to the end     3 Thank you O Lord for the gracious words spoken The words you spoke from the Cross in your pain Kind words of mercy for sinners that cursed you You spoke to seek wondrous blessings for us Rejoice you sinners rejoice with all gladness Paradise youll be with Jesus Christ the Lord     4 Blessed Lord Jesus we thank You our Savior With all your strength you did cry in your pain My God My God why hast Thou me forsaken He made such cry for He bore all our sin In these words we find the justification Christ Jesus bore our sin and condemnation     5 Lord of all heaven we thank you our Savior Vinegar you drank that Ill drink your life Thirsty you were but a thirst for us sinners Life fullness in you we sinners now have No longer dread fear of death and damnations Jesus has conquered death by His death on earth     6 Gods Word established Christ fulfilled the Scriptures When He declared It is finished His work Truly He finished the work of salvation Sacrifice perfect is pleasing to God God and mankind reconciled by Christ Jesus Blood of the Lamb now has spoken for mankind     7 Lord we all praise you for You gave Your Spirit You gave Your life that we sinners might live Lord by Your death we all have life in fullness You paid the price for the sin of the world Therefore we render our hearts and our spirit Worship You Lord now and all eternity

HYMN 189
1. Painful death suffered by my friend Jesus Great blessings I have from that When I meditate on this great mystery I weep much with pain in heart O my spirit meditate on Gods work Climb the mountain see what Jesus did there Where Christ suffered and He died Golgotha Gethsemane  2 At the Cross I shall now sit meditate I shall look at Christ my Lord I shall kiss Him and weep much for such love I shall weep in joy for Love Look into the eyes of love in Jesus On the Cross His heart beat for all sinners Blood and water flowed from Him And He bowed His Head at last     3 Precious death You died for me I treasure You are mine for me You died Be with me in life until I leave here Be with me when I shall die When this dreadful day shall come at last Lord And I face the cruel enemy death Be with me grant me your peace As I pass deaths valley here     4 Let the peace of Christ be mine always here Make my grave holy like His By this I shall sleep so peaceful in death He shall speak to comfort me Bless me with Your suffering death and life now Bless me in this life and in my death Lord Save me from eternal death I shall praise You Lord in Heavn

HYMN 190
1. Christ Jesus I shall ponder What You did suffer here Give me Your mind Lord Jesus That I may understand How You left all Your glory Came down and lived with us Reveal the depths of Your love That I may appreciate  2 Help me to gaze on You Lord And see Your heart and Spirit Grant me to mine so deeply Explore Your heart of love The crown of thorns You wore Lord The stripes of wounds from beatings The nail marks in Your Hands Lord We see and understand     3 I look at those You came for And see our sin so grievous How horrible that sin is That caused Your death for sin How great my sin against You The curse for sin is great If Christ must die for sin then I know how great the curse     4 I meditate on this Lord And feel the pain I caused Help me to hate sin always And not grieve You again How can I live to sin now From which You died to save I must flee from all sin now And seek Your righteousness     5 Help me to bear the cross here And follow You Lord Jesus Humble and meek to be Lord And bear with others here The love which You have loved me With that I may love all Help me to love You Jesus And love You to the end

HYMN 191
1. We see how much Christ loves us Love from eternity At Golgotha He loved us Wages of sin He paid Jesus the friend of sinners How wonderful Your love That You became a Servant For my sake You did serve  2 The gospel message wondrous Demands praise from us all For You my Savior Jesus You are the Lord of all We come to You poor sinners To sing your praises Lord Grant us to sing forever And praise You Lord in Heavn

HYMN 192
1. The Lamb of God Holy Son of God Jesus At Golgotha Jesus Christ hung crucified There on the Cross He cried out to the Father Forgive them for they know not Forgive them for they know not Forgive them for they know not It is finished now  2 Ask why the Lord died Died for us all sinners For the good He did we have crucified Him Come now and worship come all nations praise Him Our Savior Lord we praise you Our Savior Lord we praise you Our Savior Lord we praise you Receive us O Lord

HYMN 193
1. In deep repentance and with humility I give you thanks Lord God the Father Faithful Most wonderful is your love for me sinner I cannot fathom  2 You knew the burden of sin that I carried You came to me Lord with your great compassion In mercy you did take away my burden For me a poor child     3 Jesus your Son did all this work to save me He took the load of sin upon His shoulders He took away sin by His death on the Cross The wages He paid     4 I praise You Jesus for You loved us so much It was this great love that has caused You to die Bowels of mercy You had for all sinners Sinners You pitied     5 Unworthy servant Lord I seek not justice I plead with You Lord for Your merit only Forgive me Jesus for all sin committed Ill glorify You     6 Cleanse me from all sin take away the filth Lord Wash me clean Lord God by Your precious Blood shed Fill me with rivers of water from Thy side Fill me with Your life

HYMN 194
1. My gracious Jesus you went to pray In Gethsemanes garden prayed Now grant me kneel beside you Jesus Keep me close to You Lord Jesus Great Master teach me how to pray Silently pray to You my Lord  2 You suffered greatly for our sin Lord Death You faced death for us sinners This grieves me for I am a sinner The sin I loved caused You great pain May I have pain for all my sin Feel this pain when I kneel to pray     3 You were alone in prayr on that night Silently prayed seeking for strength Like you I must be lonely in prayr Retire into my heart to pray Lord take me from this noisy world Help me to be with you in prayr     4 O Lamb of God you waited on God Three times you pleaded with Your God A lesson You have taught us by this That we might wait on You O God We must pray always ceasing not Lord help us pray and not give up     5 The followers You had forsook you But you did remember them all The suffering You had was so great Lord But you bore with their weaknesses Help me to learn from this O Lord And bear with others in my life     6 Lord always help me pray before You Pray without ceasing as You did Help me to intercede for others Bring all the burdens to Your feet Lord hear my prayer and answer me I shall soon see you face to face

HYMN 195
1. Wake my soul rise up from sleep Meditate on love of Jesus Think of how He bore the Cross And He died the curse to suffer Let this fill your mind at all times That you may appreciate Jesus  2 Look upon the Son of God See Him on the cross in your place Crown of thorns was placed on Him Deep anguish of soul Christ suffered For your sake Christ suffered so much No love can compare with Gods love     3 I deserved to suffer thus And to be in hell forever Gods full wrath was meant for me My sin condemns me forever But Christ gave Himself to save me In my place He bore the judgment     4 Wrath of God Christ took away In much suffering He faced Gods wrath Satisfied Gods righteousness Therefore in Him we have new life Jesus conquered sin and Satan Death He conquered now we have life     5 I cannot repay Gods love Not a mite I can give for sin Love of Jesus constrains me Compels me to love with all life I confess my cold heart for Him In my life of sin Ive grieved Him     6 Let your love be mine O Lord Guide me by your Word Lord always Help me bear the rod from you Seal me with the Holy Spirit May I leave this world rejoicing Celestial food have in Heaven

HYMN 196
1. Thousand times ten thousand more times I shall praise you God of Love My sin all You took away Lord You did pay the wages due Now I bow before You Lord At the Cross I bow to You Now I see how much you suffered For this I seek to be with you  2 I desire to hold you Jesus Kiss the feet wounded for me Help me see the nail wounds in You See the Blood that flowed from You Glorious King Lord Jesus Christ Love You showed in death for us Love so wonderful you gave us None can understand love of God     1 Thousand times ten thousand more times I shall praise you God of Love My sin all You took away Lord You did pay the wages due Now I bow before You Lord At the Cross I bow to You Now I see how much you suffered For this I seek to be with you     2 I desire to hold you Jesus Kiss the feet wounded for me Help me see the nail wounds in You See the Blood that flowed from You Glorious King Lord Jesus Christ Love You showed in death for us Love so wonderful you gave us None can understand love of God     5 Great Physician heal my soul now Give me new life and new strength Take away my grief and suffering Take away eternal death Death from Adam came to all Death that plagued all humankind In Thy Blood alone Lord Jesus Fear of death and evil shall cease     6 Write upon my heart Your sufferings Deeply print them in my soul Help me to remember always Help me not forget Your Love Desire of my heart is Christ I desire none but You Lord Grant me sit at your feet always Fill my heart with love from you Christ     7 I shall bow to hold your feet Lord I shall hold you with all strength Look upon me from the Cross Lord Hear the prayer I offer now Let me hear you say to me It is finished you are free No condemnation remains now You are saved there is no sorrow

HYMN 197
1. What sorrow is this frightening sight Why must we not mourn oer this The only Son of the Lord Crucified now buried  2 I grieve in pain Gods Son did die On Cross at Calvary He died Gods Kingdom established now He has given to us     3 For human beings and for our sin For all our sin Christ suffered When helpless we were in sin When sin conquered us all     4 Our Bridegroom and the Lamb of God Lay in the Blood that He shed The Blood He shed in His Love For you and for us all     5 Be silent then be speechless now Be silent stare at Christ Lord All creatures on earth must see And mourn for the Savior     6 So beautiful so meek humble The Virgin Marys Son see No one can look on this Blood None but repentant ones     7 Jesus my refuge and my hope I bow before You weeping Help me to give you my heart Forever worship you

HYMN 198
1. Preserve me O my God In You I take a refuge I pray to You and say You are my Lord I trust You In You I have good things There is none like You Lord All saints on earth with me Delight in You our God  2 Those that choose other gods Such multiply their sorrows Their libations of blood I shall not pour them out Lord I shall not take their names Their names upon my lips I shall not fellowship With those that hate you Lord     3 The Lord is dear to me My chosen friend and portion You are my cup O Lord You hold my lot in this life The lines have fallen well In pleasant places are I have the best from you Goodly heritage have     4 I bless the Lord my God From Him I have wise counsel At night also my heart Instructs me gives me wisdom I keep the Lord always Before me keep the Lord Therefore I shall not fear For God is right beside     5 Your paths you shall show me The paths of life youll show me For in thy presence Lord We have lifes joy in fullness In your right Hand we find All that we need in life The pleasure we desire We find in you our God

HYMN 199
1. You left the Throne of God on High The Throne majestic in Heaven You left and came to dwell here You came to live among us here Thou Son of God you came to us Immanuel God is with us You came to us all your glory And your power you left all these You left all and took our frail flesh  2 The Throne of God on High you left You chose to dwell in virgins womb Son of Man you became here A baby you were born on earth In meekness and great lowliness The Lord became a Servant For our poor life You came knowing All our struggles and our troubles Curse for sin You bore for us all     1 You left the Throne of God on High The Throne majestic in Heaven You left and came to dwell here You came to live among us here Thou Son of God you came to us Immanuel God is with us You came to us all your glory And your power you left all these You left all and took our frail flesh     2 The Throne of God on High you left You chose to dwell in virgins womb Son of Man you became here A baby you were born on earth In meekness and great lowliness The Lord became a Servant For our poor life You came knowing All our struggles and our troubles Curse for sin You bore for us all     5 The judgment in the Cross of death You died for us and was buried In humble love you suffered You further descended to hell Eternal punishment suffered The dead heard Good News from you Gospel You preached in the world Of those that had died dead men heard You Satan and death you have conquered     6 The Father has exalted you Exalted you above all names There is no equal for You And at your Name all knees shall bow All those in heavn and all on earth The whole world bows before You Every tongue shall now confess that Jesus Christ is Lord forever Glory be to God in Highest

HYMN 2
1. Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation! O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation! All ye who hear,  Now to His temple draw near; Praise Him in glad adoration.  2 Praise to the Lord, who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth, Shelters thee under His wings, yea, so gently sustaineth! Hast thou not seen  How thy desires ever been Granted in what He ordaineth?     3 Praise to the Lord, who doth prosper thy work and defend thee; Surely His goodness and mercy here daily attend thee. Ponder anew  What the Almighty can do, If with His love he befriend thee.     4 Praise to the Lord, who, when tempests their warfare are waging, Who, when the elements madly around thee are raging, Biddeth them cease,  Turneth their fury to peace, Whirlwinds and waters assuaging.     5 Praise to the Lord, who, when darkness of sin is abounding, Who, when the godless do triumph, all virtue confounding, Sheddeth His light,  Chaseth the horrors of night, Saints with His mercy surrounding.     6 Praise to the Lord, O let all that is in me adore Him! All that hath life and breath, come now with praises before Him. Let the amen  Sound from His people again, Gladly for aye we adore Him.

HYMN 20
1. Come now my soul and praise the Lord Jehovah, Praise God always, till my life shall end. Come praise the Lord Jehovah, God Almighty, Let all your being praise Him always. From whom we have such a wonderful life, Come worship Him, come sing with me always, Hallelujah, Hallelujah.  2 Trust not in kings, for flesh they are such only, They shall return to dust as all men. Wisdom of man and plans of all men mighty, All such shall perish soon in the grave. Put not ever your trust in any man, Trust in the Lord, who is Almighty God, Hallelujah, Hallelujah.     3 Happy the man, whose help is God of Jacob, Who hopes in God who is Lord of all. Faithful is He, the Lord of grace and justice, Blessed is he who trusts in this God. In Him you have all wisdom and all strength, In Him alone you have all that you need, Hallelujah, Hallelujah.     4 Creator of the earth and of all heaven, Who made the seas and who made all things. His word shall stand forever and forever, His promises shall stand so secure. This God Almighty the all sovereign Lord, The Faithful Jehovah, the Holy God, Hallelujah, Hallelujah.     5 Eyes of the blind the Lord God shall soon open, Humble and meek, the Lord shall raise up. All those that trust the Lord and have faith in Him, The Lord shall always show them His love. All strangers, widows and orphans, listen, Almighty God shall provide all your needs; Hallelujah, Hallelujah.     6 All who forget the Lord and forsake Jesus, The Lord shall leave them to their own ways. That they may suffer for their sin and actions, The folly of their life all shall see. The Lord God is the King for evermore, Zion the Lord shall bless now and always, Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

HYMN 200
1. Jesus the Savior the Son of God Now has arisen from the grave Sin and darkness He has scattered Eternal life He gives to all men Refrain No one could hold Christ in the grave hold No sin could keep Him in the dark tomb Christ conquered sin and He conquered death Let all men praise Him praise Jesus Christ  2 He is alive Jesus is my Lord Jesus is living within our hearts No condemnation we must dread now No fear of death must trouble Gods Saints Refrain     1 Jesus the Savior the Son of God Now has arisen from the grave Sin and darkness He has scattered Eternal life He gives to all men Refrain No one could hold Christ in the grave hold No sin could keep Him in the dark tomb Christ conquered sin and He conquered death Let all men praise Him praise Jesus Christ     2 He is alive Jesus is my Lord Jesus is living within our hearts No condemnation we must dread now No fear of death must trouble Gods Saints Refrain     5 Jesus loves me He loves me so much He comforts me and He calms my soul And He will be with me when death comes Jesus shall take me to be with Him Refrain     6 For such great news for such wondrous grace Ill give Him thanks and worship the Lord In Christ Ive passed from death into life For Christ has risen He rose indeed Refrain

HYMN 201
1. Praise to the Lord Almighty God Praise to the Lord the Son of God Give them all thanks for gracious works Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah  2 On the third day after His death Stone of the tomb was rolled away Victorious Christ arose from death Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah     3 The angels said to those that came Fear not for Christ the Lord you seek Is risen empty is His tomb Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah     4 Christ Jesus has risen indeed Sorrow and fear shall be no more His tomb is empty grave clothes left Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah     5 We all rejoice in this great fact For this we come believing you Bless us O Lord for we have come Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah     6 The guilt of sin no more plagues us We have assurance in Your Name We laud and praise Your Holy Name Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah

HYMN 202
1. Christ is risen death He has now conquered He has risen from the grave Christ is risen He has conquered Satan He has risen from the grave Refrain Where is your sting Oh death Oh death Where is the victory and sting of sin in you Now Christ has risen Christ has risen Christ has risen He has risen from the grave Jesus arose  2 Christ is risen fear of death is no more Hell not leave me in the grave When my body is no more and rotten He shall raise me from the dead Refrain     3 Christ is risen rejoice now Gods people He has risen from the grave He has gone to be with God in heaven Peace He leaves with all His own Refrain

HYMN 203
1. Shout today we have great victory The Warrior Great has won the battle Death is now conquered by the Lord Suffering of our Lord is ended Death is now swallowed sin is conquered The sting of death is now removed The Great King Lord of Life Has come back from the dead Death is conquered No more we fear the power of death We praise You Savior Christ the Lord  2 Christ has overcome the devil All foes against us are defeated Their power is gone we are now free Fortress strong is Christ our Savior He struck the head of that great serpent He set us free from Satans power The Blood of Christ our Lord Sufficient for our sin Wages all paid The Blood is shed now we are free We have become the Saints of God     3 Grace of our Lord is our merit Our trespasses are all forgiven Our righteousness is Jesus Christ God Himself bears Christ the witness His sacrifice God has accepted The Son is glorified by God Our sin God now forgives We have eternal peace Gift of God have We are so glad we bless the Lord Clothe us with righteousness from you     4 Fear not God shall raise the dead now God shall bring back to life His people All dead in Christ shall come to life No more we shall dread the grave then The grave shall be only for resting Christ is the first fruit from the dead Christians shall rise to life They soon shall follow Christ See His great Light Our gracious King give us your life Grant us to see your great Glory

HYMN 204
1. Jesus lives Thy terrors now Can O death no more appal us Jesus lives by this we know Thou O grave canst not enthrall us Hallelujah  2 Jesus lives to Him the Throne High oer Heaven and earth is given We may go where He is gone Live and reign with Him in Heaven Hallelujah     3 Jesus lives for us He died Hence may we to Jesus living Pure in heart and act abide Praise to Him and glory giving Hallelujah     4 Jesus lives our hearts know well Naught from us His love shall sever Life nor death nor powers of hell Part us now from Christ for ever Hallelujah     5 Entrancegate of life immortal This shal calm our trembling breath When we pass its blooming portal Hallelujah

HYMN 205
1. I shall sing joyfully to all Christ has risen indeed He overcame death and now lives He lives among us now  2 All those that hear the gospel news Share this good news with all Tell what the Lord has done for you Testify of Jesus     3 Christ Jesus passed from death to life He sits at Gods right hand All those that trust in Jesus Christ They shall be with Him soon     4 In this good news God has declared All things are new in Him From Him we have eternal life We shall live evermore     5 The fear of death we dread no more Jesus defeated death We enter life with joy and hope Glorious life we expect     6 When one of us departs this life We celebrate that life For on the Resurrection Day We shall all meet again     7 Because He lives we all shall live Orphans we no more are Jesus abides with us always Forever lives in us

HYMN 206
1. Low in the grave He lay Jesus my Savior Waiting the coming day Jesus my Lord Refrain Up from the grave He arose With a mighty triumph oer His foes He arose a Victor from the dark domain And He lives forever with His saints to reign He arose He arose Hallelujah Christ arose  2 Vainly they watched His bed Jesus my Savior Vainly they sealed the dead Jesus my Lord Refrain     1 Low in the grave He lay Jesus my Savior Waiting the coming day Jesus my Lord Refrain Up from the grave He arose With a mighty triumph oer His foes He arose a Victor from the dark domain And He lives forever with His saints to reign He arose He arose Hallelujah Christ arose     2 Vainly they watched His bed Jesus my Savior Vainly they sealed the dead Jesus my Lord Refrain

HYMN 207
1. Rise up sun rise up so early Bring news of great joy to us For the Lord our God has risen Empty is the grave of Christ Glorify the Lord today I shall glorify His Name  2 Victorious Christ now has risen He has risen from the grave Come all living in Christ Jesus Come all who have died in Christ Join to worship Christ the Lord Come all people praise His Name     3 On Your Resurrection Jesus Dead men came back from the grave They saw Jesus and rejoiced then They are all now free in Him By this death we see Jesus Great King glorious Savior reigns     4 Christ has scattered all His foes now Deceitful enemy fled Deceitful beings are all doomed now They shall perish ever more Condemnation is their lot They shall be in hell at last     5 Risen Lord we seek Your blessings We approach You Savior King Grant us to be with You Jesus Be found among righteous ones Jesus Christ give me Your life Give me now and evermore

HYMN 208
1. Christ Jesus died in grave He laid He died as Lamb for sinners But now is risen from the dead New life for all He brings now In this we have exceeding joy In this we praise the Lord our God We sing to God Hallelujah  2 There is none here no other name None could defeat deaths power We all are sinners here on earth There is no righteousness here Death has ruled over all mankind Has made us captive bound in fear All captives are to death and sin     3 Gods Son our Savior Jesus Christ In whom we have enough grace His death a curse our curse He took He died to overcome death Deaths sting of sin Jesus removed That we may fear not death on earth In this we have eternal peace     4 The mystery of death and of life A fearful struggle we know Life now has overcome the death Swallowed by the life of Christ Gods Word assures us all is well Jesus has conquered death and sin Be joyful then fear death no more     5 We celebrate this Day with joy Great joy we give thanks to God The light of God shines brightly now This light of God shines in us Good News of wondrous grace in Christ Gods news dispels all darkness now Gods righteous children we are now     6 We take the Bread of Life to live He welcomes us to table Cast out the leaven old of sin Sin must dwell in us no more Jesus the Pascal Lamb we have His Blood avails for all mankind We glorify our Savior Christ

HYMN 209
1. Jesus Christ is risen today Hallelujah Our triumphant holy day Hallelujah Who did once upon the Cross Hallelujah Suffered to redeem our loss Hallelujah  2 Hymns of praise then let us sing Hallelujah Unto Christ our Heavenly King Hallelujah Who endured the Cross and grave Hallelujah Sinners to redeem and save Hallelujah     3 But the pains which He endured Hallelujah Our salvation hath procured Hallelujah Now above the sky Hes king Hallelujah Where the angels ever sing Hallelujah     4 Sing we to our God above Hallelujah Praise eternal as His love Hallelujah Praise Him all you heavenly host Hallelujah Father Son and Holy Ghost Hallelujah

HYMN 21
1. All people that on this earth dwell, Come now with joyful praise. Come praise the Lord of Host in heav'n Eternal praise all give.  2 All people wake from sleep and sing, Sing to the Lord of Host. The Lord who acts so wondrously, Great, awesome are His works.     3 The God who is with us from birth, Strength from Him we all have. When we are perishing in life, He is present to save.     4 The Lord we so much grieved by sin, Patient He was with us. He pardoned all our sin and wrong, Forgave and blessed us all.     5 We seek His blessings for our land, His peace we need in life. The work we do is blessed by Him, Prosperity He gives.     6 Lord, now we pray, grant us your grace, Lord, be with us always. Lord, save us from all troubles here, Lord, come deliver us.     7 When we are troubled and distressed, Open our eyes to see. Your countenance grant us to see, Be with us in your Home.

HYMN 210
1. Come hear the Good News now The Savior of the world Has risen from the grave and lives How joyful is this news  2 Our sin He takes away We now have peace of God Come then to lift the Lord so high And glorify His Name     3 Christ Jesus is alive His promises fulfilled He lives and He shall be with us Eternal life He gives

HYMN 211
1. Jesus Christ my hearts desire Christ my Savior now has risen In Him I have confidence In Him Ill rejoice forever All fear of death is now gone Life eternal now I have  2 Christ has risen from the dead I am raised with Him forever I shall be with Him always Death cant separate me from Jesus Where the Head shall always be There the Body shall be found     3 I am bound to Christ my Lord Cord so strong has bound me to Him For my faith in Christ is deep Nothing in this life can sever Not death nor life nor distress None can separate me from Christ     4 I am dust and truly dust Dust and ashes is my body For so well I know this fact But the Lord shall give new body Christ shall raise me from the dead And will make me be with Him     5 This flesh is of nothing worth It is with me for a moment I shall leave the body here I shall look to God the Father Confidence I have in Christ I shall not look to the flesh     6 Jesus Christ to you I pray Take me from this wretched life Lord Save me from its pleasures vain I desire to leave this world soon For my hearts desire and joy Savior Christ I long for You

HYMN 212
1. Jesus Christ laid in the tomb Dead from sin we committed From the grave Christ arisen And now brings us life in Him In Him we have great freedom We now give thanks to the Lord Let us sing Hallelujah Hallelujah Amen  2 Death is strong no man can save None can save mankind from death By our sin we have fallen None is righteous on this earth With the might of Jesus Christ He has conquered death for us And has brought us freedom now Hallelujah Amen     3 Jesus Christ the Son of God He became our substitute Jesus Christ cast away sin He has conquered death for us Jesus took away deaths power No more power there is in death Sting of death sin is no more Hallelujah Amen     4 We are full and satisfied A new leaven now we have Leaven old of sin no more Leaven of sin now is gone Jesus Christ the bread we need Jesus Christ the Living Bread Christ the Lord and our Savior Hallelujah Amen

HYMN 213
1. Jesus blessed Lord has risen Has risen from the dead with glory Indeed the Son of God arose Host of God is now rejoicing All sing Hallelujah to Jesus Peace on His Throne in Heavn above Blessings and honor give To Him who is Alive Jesus Christ Lord He is our Lord and Savior God The fortress of death He destroyed  2 Jesus who is Lord of all life Our friend and Prince our Savior Jesus From everlasting you are God Blessing glory and all wisdom With thanksgiving and honor power And might we give to you our God You poured for us your Blood And gave up all your life Peace established We are now clean We are yours Lord We are a people for our God     3 With the trumpet blast from Heaven The dead shall rise at your command Lord With glory they shall rise again There shall be much joy in Heaven When we shall see Christ in His glory And we shall see Him face to face With eternal bodies We shall rise to Heaven We shall praise God We shall rejoice with lasting joy Worship FatherSon Holy Ghost     4 Risen Lord come look upon us Look at us chosen ones weak brethren We walk in deaths vale shadow here Lord of Love come now to help us Relieve us then we shall come praising And come behold your glorious face Bless Lord your people now Bless those that you shall raise Raise as free men They shall be glorified in you Eternal life they have in Christ

HYMN 214
1. Today Christ arose Day of joy welcome Glory from God has come to us Life in this world is vain Christ the Lord has risen Come now all Christians come rejoice This day Christ arose And our hearts rejoice Glory from God has come to us Life in this world is vain Christ is alive today Come now all Christians come rejoice

HYMN 215
1. Christ the Lord has risen From the dead Hes risen From the grave He rose Death has Jesus conquered We rejoice in this fact We have peace by this Christ destroyed the devils power Jesus saved us by great power Sing to praise Christ Jesus  2 Jesus died for sinners He died and was buried For our sake He died He arose to save us From the grave and from death He saved us from hell From death Christ delivered us From eternal death He saved us He has saved His people     1 Christ the Lord has risen From the dead Hes risen From the grave He rose Death has Jesus conquered We rejoice in this fact We have peace by this Christ destroyed the devils power Jesus saved us by great power Sing to praise Christ Jesus     2 Jesus died for sinners He died and was buried For our sake He died He arose to save us From the grave and from death He saved us from hell From death Christ delivered us From eternal death He saved us He has saved His people     5 Christ has suffered for us Wages of our sin bore He paid for our sin This same Jesus that died He shall come again soon He shall come to judge It is finished Jesus said By His death He has conquered death Freedom we have in Him     6 We rejoice with great joy We shall no more fear death None can frighten us We shall all be raised soon From the grave we shall rise Like Christ from the grave Nothing can destroy our faith All our foes are now defeated Victorious we are now     7 All the Saints of Jesus All that died in Jesus They must die to sin With Christ they have risen They now walk with Jesus In His life they live Christ the vine we are in Him His life flows through all His children Close He keeps us in Him     8 We shall be rejoicing New bodies we shall receive Redeemed by the Lord New clothes we have worn now Righteousness of Jesus Is new clothe we have We shall shine so glorious When we all appear in Heaven We shall be with Jesus

HYMN 216
1. Jesus Christ our King victorious The first fruits of those who are sleeping All they that Christ shall bring from death You died but you are alive now Was crucified but you are living You are the King of Life Jesus We laud You now O Lord We glorify and praise We bless Jesus For You are risen from the dead Your children worship You O Christ  2 Adams race we are all sinful In bondage we are to the devil Slaves we all are to sin and death From time of old we have been sinners No savior had appeared to help us Death reigned in life of humankind God sent His only Son Beloved Son He sent He gave Jesus He came He saw He saved mankind By death You have destroyed deaths power     3 You were sinless in your life here The Resurrection proved You Savior You rose again in Holiness Satan and all evil forces None could prevent Your Resurrection None held You back in death O Lord You are the Mighty God You bound the evil one Rescued from him You have saved us delivered us You wrestled us from Satans grip     4 Therefore we now come to praise You We give You thanks with honor worship We come to glorify You Lord We come praising God the Father We come to praise God Holy Spirit God You have saved us from the pit Your meekness brought us life We now believe You Lord Take our life Lord Make us Your children evermore Grant us eternal life our Lord

HYMN 217
1. Christ Jesus has ascended Rejoice with gladsome hearts He left this futile earth and He sat upon His Throne Sing praises to the Lord All nations come with praises Sing to the One above all Zebaoth Lord is He  2 We all now see the victory Christ Jesus won for us We are all now so convinced That Jesus is in Heavn He went ahead to Heavn He soon shall come to take us From this earth that is barren Hell bring us to His Home     3 Christ is gone to prepare now Prepare a place above We shall soon depart from here We soon shall be in Heavn Wake up all hearts in hope Where Jesus is we shall be Hope always in this promise Hope in the Lord of Host     4 Let us walk now the pathway Walk in the Way to Heavn With great joy keep on singing We wait for You O Christ You are the Son of God You are the Way Truth and Life You are the God of power In You we shall be crowned     5 All who seek peace and freedom And seek now to be saved Come then listen to Jesus He is the only Way There is no other Name There is no one to save men There is none like Christ Jesus He is the Way to Heavn

HYMN 218
1. King of Heaven King of glory Jesus Christ the Savior Lord From the dead You rose victorious On Gods right Hand You sit now In Your glorious radiant beauty I behold such peace eternal Bow before You hosts of Heavn Now I bow before You Lord  2 Humble meek You came as servant Salvation You wrought for us Therefore God has highly raised You Lord of all exalted You You have all the keys of Heaven All authority is given Blessing all Your chosen ones Those redeemed by You O Lord     3 Through the Cross of shame and suffering You have entered Glory now Grant me Lord to follow duly My cross carry follow You Your example I shall follow Patiently to bear all suffering That Thy Will I may seek Lord Submit always to Your will     4 We shall follow in Thy footsteps Lord Thy glory now we see Send Thy Holy Spirit dear Lord Fill our hearts with all Your being Great strength we have in the Spirit In Him we shall please You dear Lord When in life we are distressed In Him we shall comfort find     5 Lord we pray You give Thy Spirit Holy Spirit dwell in us Fill our life with all Thy fullness Dwell with us for evermore Save the lost draw men from darkness Bring them to Your fold we pray Thee Come victorious Spirit come Let Thy Kingdom come O Lord

HYMN 219
1. Christ our Lord is gone to Heaven This gives us a hope of Heavn As we meditate on this fact Fear and doubt no more disturb For our Head the Lord Christ Jesus For our Head the Lord Christ Jesus Shall bring with Him all His own We shall be with Him always  2 With Christ Jesus now in Heaven All things there belong to Him Anxious I must be no longer I must put all doubt away Where my treasure is in Heaven Where my treasure is in Heaven There my heart and soul must long There I seek to be one day     3 Jesus now you are in Heaven Give me hope of glory then Increase faith to trust you always As I travel through this life I shall leave this earth rejoicing I shall leave this earth rejoicing I shall come to You O Lord Jesus hear my humble cry

HYMN 22
1. Praise, my soul, the King of heaven, To His feet thy tribute bring; Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven, Who like me, His praise should sing? Praise Him, praise Him, Praise Him, praise Him, Praise the everlasting King.  2 Praise Him for His grace and favor To our fathers in distress; Praise Him still the same for ever, Slow to chide, and swift to bless; Praise Him, praise Him, Praise Him, praise Him, Glorious in His faithfulness.     3 Father-like, He tends and spares us; Well our feeble frame He knows; In His hands He gently bears us, Rescues us from all our foes; Praise Him, praise Him, Praise Him, praise Him, Widely as His mercy flows.     4 Frail as summer's flow'r we flourish, Blows the wind and it is gone; But while mortals rise and perish, God endures unchanging on. Praise Him, praise Him, Praise Him, praise Him, Praise the High Eternal One.     5 Angels, help us to adore Him; Ye behold Him face to face; Sun and moon, bow down before Him, Dwellers all in time and space. Praise Him, praise Him, Praise Him, praise Him, Praise with us the God of grace.

HYMN 220
1. O Jesus King most wonderful Thou Conqueror renowned Thou Sweetness most ineffable In Whom all joys are found  2 When once Thou visitest the heart Then truth begins to shine Then earthly vanities depart Then kindle love divine     3 O Jesus Light of all below Thou Fount of life and fire Surpassing all the joys we know And all we can desire     4 Thy wondrous mercies are untold Through each returning day Thy love exceeds a thousand fold Whatever we can say     5 May every heart confess Thy Name And ever Thee adore And seeking Thee itself inflame To seek Thee more and more     6 Thee may our tongues forever bless Thee may we love alone And ever in our lives express The image of Thine own

HYMN 221
1. My Savior Jesus You are always beside me In this I now rejoice and I am satisfied Abundant grace from You Lord makes me happy In this I give You thanks with body and soul I thank You Lord I thank You Lord  2 With flesh and blood how can we see Gods glory Glory of God forever more so bright Our souls find You and Your love we value You bless all those that have not seen You Lord But they believe but they believe     3 By day noon and midnight always ponder How bountiful Your mercy and Your grace By this we see how much God has loved us Love that is pure love of God for man Love in Your heart Love in Your heart     4 O Lord Jesus Christ in our mortal state We come to seek Your mercy and Your grace Come bless our hearts Lord come bless us dear Lord Grant us be close to you dear Lord dear Lord Keep us so safe keep us so safe     5 Grant us Jesus be Your friends in this life That we may duly follow You we pray Lord make us faithful make us obedient Grant us eternal joy and peace dear Lord And bring us Home and bring us Home

HYMN 222
1. Rejoice the Lord is King Your Lord and King adore Mortals give thanks and sing And triumph evermore Lift up your heart Lift up your voice Rejoice again I say rejoice  2 Jesus the Savior reigns The God of truth and love When He has purged our stains He took His seat above     3 He sits at Gods right hand Till all His foes submit And bow to His command And fall beneath His feet     4 He all His foes shall quell Shall all our sins destroy And every bosom swell With pure seraphic joy     5 Rejoice in glorious hope Our Lord and King shall come And take His servants up To their eternal home

HYMN 223
1. In the Name of Jesus every knee shall bow Every tongue confess Him King of glory now Tis the Fathers pleasure we should call Him Lord Who from the beginning was the mighty Word  2 Humbled for a season to receive a name From the lips of sinners unto whom He came Faithfully He bore it spotless to the last Brought it back victorious when from death He passed     3 Name Him brothers name Him with love strong as death But with awe and wonder and with bated breath He is God the Savior He is Christ the Lord Ever to be worshipped trusted and adored     4 In your hearts enthrone Him there let Him subdue All that is not holy all that is not true Crown Him as your Captain in temptations hour Let His will enfold you in its light and power     5 Brothers this Lord Jesus shall return again With His Fathers glory with His angel train For all wreaths of empire meet upon His brow And our hearts confess Him King of glory now     6 At His voice creation sprang at once to sight All the angel faces all the hosts of Light Thrones and dominations stars upon their way All the heavenly orders in their great array     7 Mighty and mysterious in the highest height God from everlasting very Light of light In the Fathers bosom with the Spirit blest Love in love eternal rest in perfect rest

HYMN 224
1. Crown Him with many crowns The Lamb upon His throne Hark How the heavnly anthem drowns All music but its own Awake my soul and sing Of Him Who died for thee And hail Him as thy matchless King Through all eternity  2 Crown Him the Lord of love Behold His hands and side Rich wounds yet visible above In beauty glorified No angel in the sky Can fully bear that sight But downward bends His wondring eye At mysteries so bright     3 Crown Him the Lord of life Who triumphed oer the grave Who rose victorious to the strife For those He came to save His glories now we sing Who died and rose on high Who died eternal life to bring And lives that death may die     4 Crown Him the Lord of heavn One with the Father known One with the Spirit through Him givn From yonder glorious Throne To Thee be endless praise For Thou for us hast died Be Thou O Lord through endless days Adored and magnified

HYMN 225
1. How sweet the name of Jesus sounds In a believers ear It soothes his sorrows heals his wounds And drives away his fear  2 It makes the wounded spirit whole And calms the troubled breast Tis manna to the hungry soul And to the weary rest     3 Dear name the rock on which I build My shield and hiding place My never failing treasury filled With boundless stores of grace     4 By Thee my prayers acceptance gain Although with sin defiled Satan accuses me in vain And I am owned a child     5 Jesus my shepherd husband friend My prophet priest and king My Lord my life my way my end Accept the praise I bring     6 Weak is the effort of my heart And cold my warmest thought But when I see Thee as Thou art Ill praise Thee as I ought     7 Till then I would Thy love proclaim With every fleeting breath And may the music of Thy Name Refresh my soul in death

HYMN 226
1. We are so full of joy today For Christ our Lord has gone to Heavn Our gracious Savior we do praise We bless You and we worship You Lord plead for us this is our prayer Grant grace to overcome all sin Comfort your people from above  2 Assure us Lord a place in Heavn We shall be comforted by this Until Your death we had no hope A flaming sword kept us from Heavn But now we have great hope in You All that believe in You are saved They shall be with You soon in Heavn     3 All those that seek not Christ the Lord All those that live opposed to God They have no place in Heavn above For flesh and blood cannot be there By faith alone in Jesus Christ A living faith that bears much fruit Not faith that bears no fruit in life     4 All those with faith in Jesus Christ Have God as Father as their Lord They shall be children of the Lord They shall forsake pleasures of sin They shall seek things that please the Lord Gods Holy Spirit is in them They shall seek things above alone     5 All those that seek to please the Lord They also seek to be in Heavn They are the ones Christ Jesus loves He gives them grace to follow Him He brings all such to where He is He gives them peace of God in life Peace that surpasses human mind

HYMN 227
1. Jesus Christ is King of all kings Every power is in Him only He is universal Lord Every tongue confess Him Lord now All must bow before Christ Jesus Honor give to Jesus Christ Honor give to Jesus Christ  2 All the Elders of the Lord God With the heavenly host of angels Join in praising Jesus Christ So let every power on this earth Every power on earth and heaven Give to Christ the glory due Give to Christ the glory due     3 On the Fathers Throne is Jesus He is on the Fathers right side He shall reign eternally Let all creatures bow before Him With all fear and trembling bow down And confess Him Lord of all And confess Him Lord of all     4 The desire of Christ our Savior Is to save His people from sin And to set us free from sin In Him we have full salvation Purchased by His Body and Blood Fullness of life we now have Fullness of life we now have     5 Christ provides for all His people He brings healing to their spirit He delivers them from their ills We must therefore join to sing Him Sing of Jesus Christ our Lord God Till we see Him face to face Till we see Him face to face

HYMN 228
1. Jesus went to Olives Mount With His disciples He went He ascended there to Heavn There He blessed them finally  2 They all looked at Him surprised As He went up they all gazed Soon they found themselves alone Jesus went up into Heavn     3 Jesus reigns in Heavn above In great glory He now reigns Hosts of angels worship Him Glorify and praise His Name     4 We His people too rejoice For we have blessings from Him Grace from Christ we have on earth Blessings great He stores for us

HYMN 229
1. Praise the Savior Jesus Christ Christ who took the curse away He paid debt we owed the Lord Debt we owed for all our sin  2 Christ has finished that great work God the Father confirms this Resurrection is the proof By this Christ is glorified     3 Savior Christ the Lord now sits He is on Gods Right Hand now All on earth and Heavn shall bring Praises bring to Christ on High     4 You that love the Lord Jesus Come and praise the Lord your God You shall be with Him above You shall see His glory there

HYMN 23
1. King of glory, King of peace I will love Thee; And that love may never cease I will move Thee. Thou hast granted my request Thou hast heard me; Thou didst note my working breast Thou hast spared me.  2 Wherefore with my utmost art I will sing Thee; And the cream of all my heart I will bring Thee. Though my sins against me cried Thou didst clear me; And alone, when they replied Thou didst hear me.     3 Seven whole days, not one in seven I will praise Thee; In my heart, though not in Heav'n I can praise Thee. Small it is, in this poor sort To enroll Thee: E'en eternity's too short To extol Thee.

HYMN 230
1. Lord Jesus you are now in Heavn Hallelujah Hallelujah Our glorious King is now in Heavn Hallelujah Hallelujah  2 On God the Fathers Throne You sit Hallelujah Hallelujah You are the Lord of earth and Heavn Hallelujah Hallelujah     3 What God promised has come to pass Hallelujah Hallelujah Messiah sent from Heavn has come Hallelujah Hallelujah     4 God has established Davids Throne Hallelujah Hallelujah The Throne of Christ is at Gods side Hallelujah Hallelujah     5 Come now and sing sing loud His praise Hallelujah Hallelujah Worthy You are to have all praise Hallelujah Hallelujah     6 We join to praise the Triune God Hallelujah Hallelujah Praise Father Son and Holy Ghost Hallelujah Hallelujah

HYMN 231
1. We praise you Lord victorious God Our King our Lord and our Savior To Heaven you ascended You are now seated on Your Throne Beside the Father seated now King of all kings You are Lord You are worthy To receive all honor power And all glory Jesus you have won the Battle  2 The Cherubim and Seraphim Angelic hosts in the Heavens The hosts above do praise You For you are worthy to be praised You are the Savior of the world You conquered death and evil Jesus You are Lord of all lords King of kings And Lord of Heaven Save now Lord we sing Hosanna     3 Lord bring us to your Home above Grant us to be with you today We long to see you Jesus Grant us grace Lord to glorify To please you Lord in all we do Lord save us from corruption Envy hatred Jealous life with lying spirit Save us from all Grant us grace to glorify you     4 Dear Jesus Christ our glorious King The Lord of Host victorious King Come comfort us Your people You entered Holy of holies With Your own Blood you purchased peace Peace we have with the Father Come Lord help us In our struggles and our battles Come fight for us We shall praise You now and always

HYMN 232
1. Come clap your hands all nations come Shout to the Lord with songs of joy Sing praises to the Lord God For great and fearful is the Lord The God Most High above all things Great King He is above all He subdues all Bringing nations to subjection He is our God Praise of Jacob He loves so much  2 Our God has gone up with a shout With trumpet sound He enters Heavn Sing praises sing Him praises Our God is King of all the earth The God who reigns in earth and Heavn Sing Psalms to praise the Lord God God reigns always Rules the nations and all peoples He is Lord God God sits on His Throne in Heaven     3 The princes of the peoples come They gather come before the Lord To God of Abraham come For all the flocks of all the earth Belong to God the Almighty To Him belong all things here Come now sing praise Come all nations sing and praise Him Praise the Father Praise of Jacob He loves so much

HYMN 233
1. Our great King arose come praise Him Nothing can hold Him in death For the grave could not hold Jesus He is God He lives and reigns You are God you are the Spirit You ascended into Heavn  2 The Head that was crowned with thorns here Now the Crown of Glory has God that suffered death for sinners Life eternal now He gives Son of Man you were on this earth But You are the Son of God     3 You have not abandoned us here You shall soon draw us to You Those you saved from sin and death here They shall be with You above You are with us now and always God and Man You are with us     4 Jesus Christ who has arisen You have also gone to Heavn You shall raise me on that Great Day I shall be with you above Come Lord Jesus Christ come quickly Bring me to your Home above

HYMN 234
1. Our King we worship and adore you You have ascended and now sit above You parted with your friends disciples You blessed them and you went through clouds to Heavn You are with God the Father on the Throne You are seated on His Right Hand in Heavn  2 You said to them all power is given All power on earth and heaven is yours now Go make disciples of all nations Baptize in God the Father Son Spirit Teach them to do what I commanded you I am with you now and forever more     3 You gave them Lord the Holy Spirit The Spirit was with them to help them through Your promises are Yea and Amen Your promises shall be fulfilled always Nations have come to trust You as their God Others shall come to join to worship you     4 Lord keep protect Your servants always Our Priest in Heaven hear Your people pray Grant us Your grace to serve You on earth Rise up and help us to complete the task Come quickly come our Savior and our God Amen come Lord Jesus come soon to us

HYMN 235
1. Jesus shall reign whereer the sun Does His successive journeys run His kingdom stretch from shore to shore Till moons shall wax and wane no more  2 To Him shall endless prayer be made And praises throng to crown His head His Name like sweet perfume shall rise With every morning sacrifice     3 People and realms of every tongue Dwell on His love with sweetest song And infant voices shall proclaim Their early blessings on His Name     4 Blessings abound whereer He reigns The prisoner leaps to lose his chains The weary find eternal rest And all the sons of want are blessed     5 Let every creature rise and bring Peculiar honors to our King Angels descend with songs again And earth repeat the loud Amen

HYMN 236
1. Come Thou long expected Jesus Born to set Thy people free From our fears and sins release us Let us find our rest in Thee  2 Israels strength and consolation Hope of all the earth Thou art Dear desire of every nation Joy of every longing heart     3 Born Thy people to deliver Born a child and yet a King Born to reign in us forever Now Thy gracious Kingdom bring     4 By Thine own eternal Spirit Rule in all our hearts alone By Thine all sufficient merit Raise us to Thy glorious Throne

HYMN 237
1. Thy Kingdom come O God Thy rule O Christ begin Break with Thine iron rod The tyrannies of sin  2 Where is Thy reign of peace And purity and love When shall all hatred cease As in the realms above     3 When comes the promised time That war shall be no more Oppression lust and crime Shall flee Thy face before     4 We pray Thee Lord arise And come in Thy great might Revive our longing eyes Which languish for Thy sight     5 Men scorn Thy sacred Name And wolves devour Thy fold By many deeds of shame We learn that love grows cold     6 Oer heathen lands afar Thick darkness broodeth yet Arise O Morning Star Arise and never set

HYMN 238
1. If you seek to be quite ready Ready to receive Christ Jesus Then obey His gracious Word Pleasure seek to do His will  2 Maidens wise be always ready Let your light shine bright for Jesus Seeking treasures in the Heavns Let His coming not surprise     3 Treasures that Christ Jesus gives you In His Spirit and the Scriptures Let His Word show you the way Show the way to life in God     4 Righteous servants you must be here Waiting for your Lord Christ Jesus So when He knocks at the door You must quickly open Him     5 Blessed are His faithful servants They that wait expecting Jesus He shall come to see them watch Watch and sleep not in sins death     6 He shall sit and eat with all such At His Table in His glory He shall be the King in Heavn They shall all be satisfied     7 At the coming of Christ Jesus Unexpected hour it shall be He shall come surprisingly He shall come returning soon     8 Jesus help us to watch always Help us to be ready for you When we all appear in Heavn Make us proud as faithful men

HYMN 239
1. Rise up all righteous people Trim up your lamp prepare The dusk has come already And it is late at night Behold the Groom is coming He comes to you Hes near Watch now and pray all righteous The midnight hour is near  2 Trim up your lamps be ready Have much oil in your lamp Look out expect the Bridegroom Prepare your hearts for Him Watchmen of Zion cry out The Groom is now at hand Go now and meet Christ Jesus And sing Hallelujah     3 Wise maidens take your lamps now Look up and see the Groom Come quickly come rejoicing Come and sing praises now The door is open widely Gods Marriage is ready Rise up you righteous people The Groom is before you     4 Zions loved ones and favored Go now and meet the Groom With heart so full of praises Meet Him without a fear Patiently you have waited You died with Him on earth Come then with gladness come now Come meet your Savior God     5 Jesus my joy and treasure Come quickly Jesus come Sun of my soul shine brightly Shine throughout in this world Come Jesus come to help us Grant grace to us on earth The battle is so fierce here Come quickly Jesus come

HYMN 24
1. We now glorify the Lord, And extol and praise His Name. For His love is ever sure, Bountiful His mercies are.  2 Soul and spirit, life and all, These we have as gift from God. Gracious mercies from the Lord, We receive from Him always.     3 He gives bread the body needs, He provides the soul its needs. But sin has ruined all our lives, And we are all faced with death.     4 But we have a Savior now, Savior of the world from sin; Jesus Christ who died for all, Redeeming God's chosen ones.     5 His Word and His baptism, Have become the Food we need; Holy Spirit God gives us, By faith in God we are blessed.     6 Forgiveness of sin we have, And eternal life in Christ, All the promises of God, Great thing we shall have in Heav'n.     7 Consecrate us in the Truth, Grant us freedom from above. Lord we seek your glory now; In the Name of Christ, Amen

HYMN 240
1. The Lord shall come at midnight hour He now remains silent I shall prepare and wait for Him I shall meet with Him soon  2 The Lord has said a Day shall come And on that Day Hell come A Day that men do not expect Suddenly He shall come     3 The world is blind it is asleep The world that sleeps in sin Sinful men scoff at Gods Promise They mock the Lord Jesus     4 Watch friends and pray without ceasing Be servants of the Lord Youll hear Him calling you that Day Account to Him your life     5 Come Jesus come and wake my heart From slumber wake me up Keep me so mindful of You Lord Be watchful for You Lord     6 With lightening speed Christ shall come soon All men shall tremble then Their ease of life shall turn to pain They shall weep with sorrow     7 But Lord your righteous servants here They shall have peace and joy You shall say come you blessed ones Inherit Gods Kingdom

HYMN 241
1. The midnight cry sounds loud and clearly To wake all who have slept and slumbered The Bridegroom comes all must awake Rise up maidens all your lamps trim Rise up to this cry all you maidens All maidens wise ready for Him The Bridegroom is at hand Come meet the Bridegroom now Hallelujah Come meet Him now for He has come Come enter with the Bridegroom now  2 Zions watchmen too that slumbered Rejoiced to hear the great good tidings Wake up make ready for the Lord For the Lord has come in glory With pomp and majesty He comes now He comes with power in glorious light Come Lord come even now Come Jesus Christ come now Hallelujah Come one come all with joy come now Come join the feast of Christ in Heavn     3 To Christ Jesus be the glory Angels join with us sing His praises With joyful songs and trumpet sounds Angels Archangels and Elders We join you mighty ones to worship Bow down before the Throne of God No eyes have seen such things No ears have heard the songs Hallelujah Give us the grace to see You Lord Grant us to see Your glory Lord

HYMN 242
1. Blessed Immanuel Blessed our gracious King Blessed Jesus I am a sinful being You are my Savior Lord Be fortress strong for me Hide me in You  2 Satan seeks for my life He seeks my heart to steal To leave You Lord Be with me Jesus Christ Stand by me always here For when You are with me Satan shall flee     3 Lord You gave up Your life For me You died my Lord Ill keep to You Be ever near me Lord In life and in my death Your wounded Hands Ill hold I shall be saved     4 Sin and all troubles here You bore for me Jesus I am so free Help me to overcome The world of sin and woe In death You shall bring me To Home in Heavn

HYMN 243
1. Why do the nations come conspiring And all the peoples plot in vain here The kings of earth join in the plot They rise conspire to act against God The rulers gather to seek counsel Seeking how best to mock the Lord God shall come burst their bonds asunder And shall cast away all their cords And He who sits in Heaven shall laugh He shall deride all who act such  2 Then God shall speak His wrath against them And terrify them in His fury They shall be terrified by Him The Lord has set His King in Zion On Holy mount of Zion set Him This Holy Hill shines brightly now Decrees of God proclaim to all men He said to me You are my Son This day I have begotten You Son You are my Son from me You came     3 Ask me and I shall give the nations Give as heritage all the nations You shall inherit all the earth You shall break them with rod of iron And dash them like the potters vessel You shall break all in pieces Lord Now therefore O Kings seek wise counsel Be warned all rulers of the earth Serve the Lord with fear and with trembling With trembling come and worship Him     4 Come now and kiss the feet of Jesus All peoples come and bow before Him Come now and praise the Lord your God Lest He be angry and you perish Perish in your ways that are evil Come and escape the wrath of God Blessed are they that seek a refuge Take refuge in Christ Jesus Lord For Gods wrath is so great and fearful His glory far exceeds all things

HYMN 244
1. Our Great High Priest who is in Heaven Son of God Jesus Christ is He Your children gather Lord before you Weve come to seek blessings from you You know our frame and know all we are You know our trials temptations You are so merciful and gracious You help Your children here on earth  2 You Holy Lamb was slain for sinners You sacrificed your life for us God substituted You for sinners By this we have great salvation Great sacrifice You offered for us In Holy of holies offered And now You plead for all Your people Our Great High Priest bless us we pray     3 You suffered once to bear our sin Lord Your Body Soul and Spirit gave Your sacrifice was once for all time No sacrifice remains for sin You have redeemed us from sin and death We have a living hope in You Come all Gods people come and praise Him Come sing salvations song praise Christ     4 Our High Priest who sits in the Heavens King of all kings You reign on High Come strengthen us come help Your people And gather all Your children safe Have pity on all peoples on earth Grant all to share Your blessings Lord That many more shall come to worship To glorify and praise Your Name

HYMN 245
1. Bridegroom You are mine Jesus Lamb Divine Saved from sin to You I render Thanks for love so pure and tender Bridegroom You are mine Jesus Lamb Divine  2 Your pervading love Strengthens from above When Your friendly eyes behold me And in love You draw me closely Your pervading love Strengthens from above     3 God and Man You were You came down to save For my sake You came as human With Your precious Blood You saved me I was dead in sin But You saved my soul     4 May my faiths bright light Never turn to night With Your Spirits oil supply me In Your promise thus abiding May my faiths bright light Never turn to night     5 Lord Your perfect peace Peace from you we have Peace You gave to us Your loved ones Peace that this world cannot give us Peace is found in You Give us Lord Your peace     6 Faithful unto You I shall be and true Lord Your love I shall be praising And Your honor Ill be raising Faithful unto You I shall be and true     7 Lord Ill cling to You For Im Yours dear Lord Ill embrace You now and always Holding fast to You forever When in distress here To You Lord Ill turn

HYMN 246
1. Come Jesus come to us Come help Your people always Guide us through all our lives Keep us away from self love When we seek not Your way We shall be lost in life But if You guide us Lord We shall walk in Your paths  2 Good work Lord You began Sanctification started You shall not give us up You shall complete work started Keep us so close to You In all things be with us In this life and in death Until we see You Lord

HYMN 247
1. Good work Lord You began Sanctification started You shall not give us up You shall complete work started Keep us so close to You In all things be with us In this life and in death Until we see You Lord  2 Comforter come live in us Come and dwell within every heart We shall have joy in this Lord     3 Be so near come to the poor In You we have all we need Come and give us inner joy     2 Comforter come live in us Come and dwell within every heart We shall have joy in this Lord     5 You the only Holy life Shine in every heart O Lord Let your Church be light for all     6 We are nothing without You Righteous thoughts and righteous works Are by grace from You O Lord     7 Come correct all that is wrong Heal the sick amongst us Lord Let the dead bear fruit again     8 Bless us with your grace and life Bless us now and always Lord Bless us with your joy above

HYMN 248
1. Holy Spirit You our guide Spirit who abides with us Guide us safely through this life Pilgrims we are here on earth Tired workers are refreshed Grant us Lord to hear You say I shall teach You where to go My eyes always are on You  2 You shall not forsake us here Holy Spirit You our help Take away all fear and doubt That we may not anxious be When the storms are fierce in life Grant us Lord to hear You say I shall teach You where to go My eyes always are on You     3 When our sufferings end on earth And we wait for lasting joy We shall humbly pray to God Seek Him to receive our soul We shall cross the great river By the grace of Jesus Christ I shall teach you where to go My eyes always are on You

HYMN 249
1. Come O come You Life eternal Come again to us dear Lord Fill our lives with strength and power Let Thy Presence fill our lives That Thy Love and Spirit Light Fill our lives with all Your life  2 Fill our hearts with blessings rich Lord Grant us wisdom insight Lord Knowledge strength with all discernment With the fear of God we need That Thy Word so rich and free Safely guide us on our way     3 Lead us in the paths of life Lord Life we find in Thy Word Lord Save us from the traps of Satan As we travel here on earth Lord rebuke redeem us all As we stumble and we fall     4 Comfort us give us fresh courage That we may draw near to You Answer Lord the prayers we offer Be nearby O Lord we pray Dear Lord hear our humble cry Lord refresh us as we pray     5 Let us trust your promises Lord As we face death in this life Promises so fresh and living Promise that well be with Christ What you have prepared for us None has seen no ear has heard

HYMN 25
1. I'll praise you O my Lord, You are my light and my life. Creator of my soul, From you I have my nature. Father, who knew my life, Before the womb I dwelt, To me your blessings give, Now and forever more!  2 I'll praise you O my Lord, You Lord my God and Savior. The Only Son of God, You gave your life to save me. Your Blood was shed for me, The Blood that washed me clean, From all unrighteousness, This Blood protecteth me.     3 I'll praise you O my Lord, And you God, you are my Light. The Holy Spirit God, You come to me from Jesus. Comfort me Spirit God, My counsellor in life, Strengthen, O Lord, my faith, Be always with me Lord.     4 I'll praise you O my Lord, Praise to my Lord and God give. You are One only God, In Father, Son, the Spirit. The Saints in Heav'n above, And all believers here, Are praising you O Lord, Your Holy Name we praise.

HYMN 250
1. Spirit Divine eternal Spirit God You did confirm that Christ arose from death Come Holy Spirit come reveal Your light Grant Your life to express in Gods own Church  2 Grant us to know Christ truly in this life Make us all one in Jesus Christ our Lord Grant us your joy peace patience faithfulness That we may please You Lord and serve You right     3 Fill us O Lord with love of God we pray That we may love all others as You loved Be with us Lord grant us your Spirits fire Until we all are made in Christs image

HYMN 251
1. Holy Spirit God the Father Grant us the grace of Jesus Christ Fill hearts of Saints that trust in you Light your love within every heart Grant that your news reach everyone Draw all from nations back to God That we may all praise and adore And worship you and give you thanks  2 O Holy Light the grace of God Let your good news be in our hearts Grant every soul to know you Lord May your light shine reveal your Love That we may truly worship you Remove from us all falsehood Lord In true freedom may we follow Our Master Jesus evermore     3 In your comfort we shall rejoice Make us to faithfully follow Help us to worship you in truth Protect us Lord from storms of life Give us your grace to fight evil Make us strong firm bold and fearless And in our death be with us still And raise us to eternal life

HYMN 252
1. Holy Spirit hear us Help us while we sing Breathe into the music Of the praise we bring  2 Holy Spirit prompt us When we try to pray Nearer come and teach us What we ought to say     3 Holy Spirit teach us Through the words we read Bring to life the Bible With the light we need     4 Holy Spirit give us Each a lively mind Make us more like Jesus Gentle pure and kind     5 Holy Spirit brighten Little deeds of toil And our playful pastimes Let no folly spoil     6 Holy Spirit help us daily by your might what is wrong to conquer and to choose the right

HYMN 253
1. Come Holy Ghost our hearts inspire Let us Thine influence prove Source of the old prophetic fire Fountain of life and love  2 Come Holy Ghost for moved by thee The prophets wrote and spoke Unlock the truth thyself the key Unseal the sacred book     3 Expand thy wings celestial Dove Brood oer our natures night On our disordered spirits move And let there now be light     4 God through the Spirit we shall know If thou within us shine And sound with all thy saints below The depths of love divine

HYMN 254
1. Holy Spirit Truth divine Dawn upon this soul of mine Word of God and inward light Wake my spirit clear my sight  2 Holy Spirit Love divine Glow within this heart of mine Kindle every high desire Perish self in Thy pure fire     3 Holy Spirit Power divine Fill and nerve this will of mine Grant that I may strongly live Bravely bear and nobly strive     4 Holy Spirit Right divine King within my conscience reign Be my Lord and I shall be Firmly bound forever free     5 Holy Spirit Peace divine Still this restless heart of mine Speak to calm this tossing sea Stayed in Thy tranquility     6 Holy Spirit Joy divine Gladden Thou this heart of mine In the desert ways I sing Spring O Well forever spring     7 Now incline me to repent Let me now my sins lament Now my foul revolt deplore Weep believe and sin nomore

HYMN 255
1. Gracious Spirit Holy Ghost Taught by Thee we covet most Of Thy gifts at Pentecost Holy heavenly Love  2 Faith that mountains could remove Tongues of earth or heaven above Knowledge all things empty prove Without heavenly Love     3 Though I as a martyr bleed Give my goods the poor to feed All is vain if Love I need Therefore give us Love     4 Love is kind and suffers long Love is meek and thinks no wrong Love than death itself more strong Therefore give us Love     5 Prophecy will fade away Melting in the light of day Love will ever with us stay Therefore give us Love     6 Faith will vanish into sight Hope be emptied in delight Love in Heaven will shine more bright Therefore give us Love     7 Faith and Hope and Love we see Joining hand in hand agree But the greatest of the three And the best is Love

HYMN 256
1. Come down O Love Divine Seek thou this soul of mine And visit it with Thine own ardor glowing O Comforter draw near Within my heart appear And kindle it Thy Holy flame bestowing  2 O let it freely burn Till earthly passions turn To dust and ashes in its heat consuming And let Thy glorious light Shine ever on my sight And clothe me round the while my path illuming     3 Let Holy charity Mine outward vesture be And lowliness become my inner clothing True lowliness of heart Which takes the humbler part And oer its own shortcomings weeps with loathing     4 And so the yearning strong With which the soul will long Shall far outpass the power of human telling For none can guess its grace Till Love create a place Where in the Holy Spirit makes a dwelling

HYMN 257
1. Holy Spirit sound from Heaven Mighty Wind rushed from above You descended filled Christs servants As He promised You did come Jesus You are same forever You are Lord You never changeth Send the Spirit to us Lord Holy Spirit fill our hearts  2 All Your servants wait upon You Preachers teachers and all men All believers who proclaim You All Your children in the world Those that serve You in the nations Every servant in Your Kingdom Wait and pray and seek You Lord Holy Spirit You we need     3 We believe that Christ has risen We believe He went to Heavn We believe that Christ ascended And He seats at Gods Right Hand He is High Priest for His servants He is King and Prophet for us Interceding for His own He pleads for us from His Throne     4 Living Spirit give us life now Holy Spirit cleanse our hearts Light of Heaven grant us light now Fill our lives with grace of God Make us children of the Father Men and women full of Your Life Make us children of the Light Fill our hearts with heavnly love

HYMN 258
1. Joyful Day the day Pentecost this Day Holy Spirit of God has come This world was full of sin Spirit of God revived Christians come follow Jesus Christ

HYMN 259
1. Holy Spirit God from High Sent from Christ the Son of God Hearts are open to receive Come and stay within our hearts  2 Truly Lord I seek to know Guide my paths Lord in Your Way Way that leads to life in You Show me Spirit truth of God     3 Grant me knowledge Light of God Help me to believe fully That I may trust Jesus Christ Seek to do what pleases Him     4 All my life I yield to Him Worship Christ and give Him thanks And depend on Him in prayer Lord your will I seek to do     5 When the world all enemies And the flesh tempt me to sin When I am so weak and frail Be with me and strengthen me     6 Cleanse O Lord my heart from sin Help me glorify You Lord Grant me grace to please your Name In this I shall have great peace     7 Fix my eyes on Jesus Christ Let Him be my all in all When I see Him face to face I shall praise Him and adore

HYMN 26
1. Come praise the Lord, sing Hallelujah, Come praise Jehovah in the heav'n. All angels and God's hosts in heaven, Come with your praise and worship God. Come sun and moon, and sing your praises, Join in the praise, you stars of heav'n. Praise Him, the highest heav'n, sing praises, You waters above, praise His Name.  2 All creatures come to praise Christ Jesus, For at His Word, all things were made. He is the way that leads to heaven, The Way and Truth, none shall be lost. Then come all creatures that are on earth, Join in the praise and laud His Name. That all below and all in Heaven, Unite to praise the Lord Most High.     3 Let fire and snow, and hail and the frost, Come bring their praise to Christ our Lord. Come stormy winds, all hills [and mountains, Come fruit trees and all cedar trees. Come creeping things, come birds in [the skies, Come kings on earth and princes all, Young men and maidens, children, aged, Come praise the Lord who made all things.     4 Let all things praise the Lord Jehovah, His Name, alone, is exalted. His glory is above the heavens, He raised a horn for those He loves. He causes praise for all His saints here, He causes praise for His chosen. Let all those who are near to Jesus, Come shouting praise to God on High.

HYMN 260
1. Spirit of Jesus Be in our hearts now Holy love from you Fill every heart Be guide for us Lord Go before us now When we are Home then Open our eyes  2 As light of sun shines Blessing the flowers So let Your Love shine Guide us O Lord Be with us always And sanctify us Make us all holy Ever like You     3 As the sun sets here And nature all sleep Waiting to see light So we do wait Wait for Thy Spirit To teach and guide us Comfort us dear Lord Comfort in death     4 Beloved Spirit Comfort in this life Be with us always Come stay with us Teach us the Truth Lord Come sanctify us Lead us Home above Bring us all Home

HYMN 261
1. We come pleading with You Spirit By faith we approach you Lord Keep us Holy Spirit always And be with us in our death In the valley of the dead Gracious Spirit have mercy  2 Light of God shine brightly on us Grant us to know Jesus Christ Give us grace to treasure Jesus Know Him as our Savior Lord In Him we have every grace Gracious Spirit have mercy     3 Holy Spirit come Thy Church bless Give us burning heart of love Help us to express Gods love here From a pure heart give such love Let us live in peace on earth Gracious Spirit have mercy     4 Holy Spirit come to comfort Help us in trouble and death Help us to not fear nor grieve here Evil forces seek to slay Help us seek the things above Gracious Spirit have mercy

HYMN 262
1. Come Holy Spirit come to us Come sanctify and stay with us Abide within our hearts now Shine Spirit brightly in our hearts Drive out the darkness from our soul Give us Your joy eternal Grant us Your light Grant us peace and joy and gladness all from Heaven Gracious Spirit bless Thy children  2 Thou fountain of all life and light The source of life for all mankind Joy everlasting grant us Grant courage boldness and all strength To preach the Gospel of the Lord Tell all the world of Jesus Mould us change us Take our minds and spirit body all we have Lord Always serve and glorify You     1 Come Holy Spirit come to us Come sanctify and stay with us Abide within our hearts now Shine Spirit brightly in our hearts Drive out the darkness from our soul Give us Your joy eternal Grant us Your light Grant us peace and joy and gladness all from Heaven Gracious Spirit bless Thy children     2 Thou fountain of all life and light The source of life for all mankind Joy everlasting grant us Grant courage boldness and all strength To preach the Gospel of the Lord Tell all the world of Jesus Mould us change us Take our minds and spirit body all we have Lord Always serve and glorify You     5 O Holy Spirit Counselor Lead us O Lord in righteousness Lord help us teach us always Come sanctify and change our lives Conform us to be like You Lord True children of God make us Come now Spirit Come Thou Spirit come be with us come and change us Holy Spirit come we need You     6 Grant us to feel Thy strength O Lord Thy strength we need for battle now Equip us Lord for battle Your banner Lord is over us In this we conquer every foe With courage fight all battles Come Lord fill us Fill us with all blessings from You richly dwell us Victory shall be ours in Jesus     7 You are the morning dew from heavn Distil into the hearts of Saints Pour love into our hearts now That we may all be one in mind One in the Spirit one in love One with You Lord in nature No hate nor strife But joy gladness love and peace and harmony see All united in Christ Jesus     8 Let righteousness rule in our hearts With holy conduct serve You Lord Your power we need to live here Resolved to seek the things above Make no provision for the flesh Forsake its lustful pleasures Draw us Spirit Draw our minds and hearts and spirit seeking Jesus Be with You Lord Jesus always

HYMN 263
1. Thou gracious Holy Spirit Come Lord and dwell in me My first birth is flesh and blood Grant me new birth I pray God Holy Spirit Lord From God the Father and Son The Holy Trinity share We praise Thy Holy Name  2 Come make Thy home in our hearts Unworthy though we are Help us to see our sinful lives And sanctify us Lord Come Lord and cleanse our hearts From lustful flesh and evil Come heal our souls and dwell us Make us Lord pure within     3 Spirit our Intercessor Teach us O Lord to pray You always plead before God The mind of God You know In love You pray for us With sighs too deep for humans Before the Mercy Seat stand With God You plead our case     4 Spirit of Joy we come now Take from our hearts all fear Shine in our sinful hearts Light To give us joy O Lord Our burdened souls we bring Be with us as in death walk Shine Lord Thy light in our death To give us hope in God     5 Lord grant faithful fruit to bear Bear in us fruit of God When this life on earth ends here Grant us O Lord Thy Light When in the vale of death When we depart from this life Grant us a dwelling place Lord Be with You evermore

HYMN 264
1. Gracious Spirit Holy Spirit Gift of God that comes to us Jesus Christ sent You from Heaven From the Throne of God He sent Come be Thou our Teacher Spirit Come to comfort all the Saints Come we plead with You our Helper Expectantly wait for You  2 You who know the Truth of Jesus Come and teach the Truth to us Come Thou Spirit dwell within us Come and live within our hearts Teach us to know more of Jesus Know Him well above all things Strengthen us by knowledge of Him In Him we shall end the fight     3 Wind of Heaven blow within us Shake our lives to wake us up Light of God now shine within us Take the darkness all away Change our hearts and make us righteous Lead us into paths of life Help us put away sinful flesh Spiritfilled Lord may we be     4 Holy Spirit make us holy Make us holy in You Lord Grant Your fruit to bear in us all That true children of God be Change us to be like Lord Jesus When the time of judgment comes May we all be found so worthy Share in You eternally

HYMN 265
1. Gift of God the Holy Spirit Gladly we receive this gift Covenant of blessing we have Gift that God promised is here Jesus Christ who has ascended Now has sent this Gift to us all Glorious Spirit who is life Come prepare my heart and stay  2 O new Covenant of blessing We have in the Holy One Holy Spirit God eternal You have come to live in us All my body and my being Head to toe and all that in me I have new life from You Lord Life of God dwells in my soul     3 We thirst for You Lord Christ Jesus We desire to be near You That we may behold Your glory This we seek in our new life Blessed are those that You welcome Those You seek to be with You Lord When they end their journey here Forever Youll be with them     4 Servants of the Lord shall shine bright They shall shine as stars in Heavn Grant the day of joy to come soon Make us partakers of joy Grant us grace to flee the passions Earthly passions we must flee now Treasure only Jesus Christ Christ alone we seek to know     5 Words of life the Spirit taught us They are from the Lord Jesus This Word causes grief and weeping It produces change of heart May this Word make us like Jesus And reveal us as His children We must be His witnesses His glory and love reveal

HYMN 266
1. Glorious things of Thee are spoken Zion city of our God He whose word cannot be broken Formed Thee for His own abode On the Rock of Ages founded What can shake Thy sure repose With salvations walls surrounded Thou mayst smile at all Thy foes  2 See The streams of living waters Springing from eternal Love Well supply thy sons and daughters And all fear of want remove Who can faint while such a river Ever flows their thirst to assuage Grace which like the Lord the giver Never fails from age to age     3 Round each habitation hovering See The cloud and fire appear For a glory and a covering Showing that the Lord is near Blest inhabitants of Zion Washed in the Redeemers Blood Jesus whom their souls rely on Makes them kings and priests to God     4 Blest inhabitants of Zion washed in the Redeemers blood Jesus whom their souls rely on makes them kings and priests to God Tis his love his people raises over self to reign as kings and as priests his solemn praises each for a thankoffering brings     5 Savior  if on Zions City I through grace a member am Let the world deride or pity I will glory in Thy Name Fading is the worldings pleasure All his boasted pomp and show Solid joys and lasting treasure None but Zions children know

HYMN 267
1. The Churchs one foundation Is Jesus Christ her Lord She is His new creation By Water and the Word From Heavn He came and sought her To be His holy bride With His own Blood He bought her And for her life He died  2 Elect from evry nation Yet one oer all the earth Her charter of salvation One Lord one faith one birth One holy name she blesses Partakes one holy food And to one hope she presses With evry grace endued     3 Though with a scornful wonder Men see her sore oppressed By schisms rent assunder By heresies distressed Yet saints their watch are keeping Their cry goes up How long And soon the night of weeping Shall be the morn of song     4 Mid toil and tribulation And tumult of her war She waits the consummation Of peace forevermore Till with the vision glorious Her longing eyes are blest And the great Church victorious Shall be the Church at rest     5 Yet she on earth has union With God the Three in One And mystic sweet communion With those whose rest is won O happy ones and holy Lord give us grace that we Like them the meek and lowly On High may dwell with Thee

HYMN 268
1. Seraphim of the Lord With voices loud they sing Sing joyfully in Heavn The glorious host of angels sing With covered faces they all sang Holy Holy Holy Is Jehovah Jehovah Lord of Host  2 Sing host of Christ on earth With joyful voices sing Sing to be heard in Heavn Join in the praise of God above Give thanks to Christ the Savior Lord Glory glory to the Lamb That once was slain Glory to God Most High     3 When Jesus comes again With glory He shall come Hell come in majesty The world shall tremble at His sight But Saints of Christ shall then rejoice They shall join in praises Loud praises sing All glory to the Lord

HYMN 269
1. Zion has secure foundation Upon the Rock is Zions city A city built upon the Lord There is no fear in that City A City filled with joy and gladness When this world ends with nothing left The Lord protects Zion He is its refuge too And its fortress All now shall see the power of God His people He defends always  2 Blessed those that know Jehovah They now belong to Zions City They shall be heirs with Christ the Lord River of life in that City The Saints of God all shall be happy For God shall always be with them Gods dwelling is that place His Name is lifted there Hallelujah Come joyfully come all you Saints Be part of Zions citizens     3 With friends we must share the Gospel The power of God that they might seek Him Come near to God seek Him dear friends Pray that all may hear of Jesus Proclaim the Good News of salvation Life is in Jesus Christ the Lord Dear Jesus Son of God Salvation is in You Sing Hosanna Save now Thy people in this world In glory majesty O come

HYMN 27
1. Triune, Trinity, Father, Son, Spirit, All the hosts on High sing your praise. Grant that songs we sing here, Songs of your redeemed ones, We come before your throne O Lord.  2 God who is gracious, You are merciful, Grant us Lord, O Thy Word to hear. Seek, now your lost children, Rescue and save us Lord, Forgive us, all our sins O Lord!     3 We thank you, Father, We praise Jehovah, Glory, be to Thy Name, dear Lord. Let Thy Kingdom come Lord, Come to all nations Lord, Listen, dear Lord, we pray, Amen.

HYMN 270
1. Ye little flock of Jesus Christ Let not your hearts be troubled much When Satans wrath on you descend By threats to destroy flesh and soul When in distress and frightened much The Lords help not far away  2 Be joyful in what God allows Your confidence in God repose For vengeance is His only Hell act according to His will A Gideon He will raise for you To save your life from evil     3 So long as God shall always be And His sure Word abideth still Satan and his world evil Are shamed for God is with us still And we shall be with God always We shall victorious be now

HYMN 271
1. Leave not Christ Jesus leave us not The darkness comes over us here Your Word is light light for the world Grant Lord Your light to shine in us  2 In these last days of suffering Grant us to live as those You saved Your Word and all grace from You Lord Keep us O Lord in life and death     3 Lord Jesus keep Your people here We are so weak we are so cold Give us Your grace to preach the Word Witness You Lord to all around     4 Hide Lord Your Word in every heart That Satan may not have his way Grant Lord the Church to serve You well Keep from the world and be the Light     5 This world is rotten and is vile There is no peace to find in life The Church is so divided here It has become one with the world     6 Keep away Lord the proud in life Destroy their wisdom and their craft For they are full of all deceit Truth they have corrupted with lies     7 The Word is like a fortress Lord It keeps the Church holy and safe Come sanctify us in the Word Protect us from false teachings here     8 Give us your peace we pray you Lord Strangers we are in this cursed world Lead us O Lord to Home above When we have served you and are done

HYMN 272
1. Jesus our King the glorious Savior Your kingdom is above in Heaven There all in Heavn bow down to You The Holy Church of Saints in glory With precious Blood You purchased them all We all bow down to worship You None shall remain silent amongst us With one accord we all shall praise Even the stones shall worship You Lord Reveal You Lord Your glory show  2 None should be silent in Gods mission We must join hands to witness Jesus And spread abroad Good News of life May every tongue proclaim You Jesus Lift up Your Name and glorify You Confess there is no other name There is no other name as savior There is no other savior known Then let us worship Christ the Savior Let us proclaim His Name abroad

HYMN 273
1. Come O Lord Come O Lord Come and save Thy people now For our sinful life distress us Tempted by the evil one Not being watchful always sleeping We need help from you to watch and pray Come O Lord come O Lord Come and save Thy people now  2 Come O Lord come O Lord Come be with Thy people now For without You we are nothing Sin we cannot overcome Cleanse and fill us with Thy Spirit That we may be strong to face the foe Come O Lord Come O Lord Come be with Thy people now

HYMN 274
1. For My sake and the Gospels go And tell redemptions story His heralds answer Be it so And Thine Lord all the glory They preach His birth His life His cross The love of His atonement For Whom they count the world but loss His Easter His enthronement  2 Hark hark the trump of jubilee Proclaims to every nation From pole to pole by land and sea Glad tidings of salvation As nearer draws the day of doom While still the battle rages The heavnly Dayspring through the gloom Breaks on the night of ages     3 Still on and on the anthems spread Of Alleluia voices In concert with the holy dead The warrior Church rejoices Their snow white robes are washed in Blood Their golden harps are ringing Earth and the Paradise of God One triumph song are singing     4 He comes whose advent trumpet drowns The last of times evangels Emmanuel crowned with many crowns The Lord of saints and angels O Life Light Love the great I AM Triune who changest never The Throne of God and of the Lamb Is Thine and Thine forever

HYMN 275
1. Watchman is the morning dawning Has the night not passed away We have watched so long and waiting Daylight we all wait to see The deep darkness soon shall go by Light of stars shall fade away now Glorious light of sun arise Shine upon the mounts and vale  2 Mighty God Almighty Father Wonderful are all Your works Wondrous beauty we behold here In all things You do for us Doors of grace before us opened Streams of life from You we have here Heathen lands receive the News The Good News of life theyll hear     3 Soldiers of the Lord keep marching Enter strongholds of Satan With Your Banner Lord they enter Onward marching East to West From the North land to the South land With all the Good News forwarding The Word onward goes before Victory O Lord assures     4 We are often wearied slothful With great labor we march on But you are with us to strengthen Show us way to turn and go We commit all things to you Lord We seek to complete the great task Lead us on O Lord we pray Hold our hands and lead the way     5 O what blessings we shall soon see With the work of grace complete Water of life shall soon give life Dry lands soon shall fruitful be Many shall appear before you Drawn from all nations of this world They shall bow and worship You Praising You for evermore

HYMN 276
1. The Word of Christ is dear to us The precious Word of God And since it is His gracious Word We know it will abide Just as the planted grain must die Before new life it shall reveal It dies before it germinates And when it dies it bears much fruit It first must die Before it yields much fruit  2 Jesus our Lord our glorious Head You are the Way to God You suffered died and rose from death And conquered sin and death Let all Your servants be like You In love and selfless living Lord Grant us to take our cross O Lord And follow You in this dark world In faithfulness Until we see Your face     3 You are the Seed of life from God You suffered death and Hell You fount of all eternal life Give life to all mankind Send all Your servants now O Lord To preach the Gospel in all lands To share goodnews with all on earth Help us to preach Your Word O Lord To preach You Lord Till we depart this life

HYMN 277
1. Bless the Lord the God the King of all heathen Bless the Lord who is the spring of life for all God that became like us in flesh He came You are full of love merciful God You are Gracious merciful God You were to sinners Jesus You are our shield and our fortress Come and sing to Him Heaven and earth singing Proclaim the wondrous works of God to nations Open all doors to the Savior and prepare your hearts All you who are lost in this life come Peace and all blessings that we have from God Are in the Blood of Christ Blood He shed  2 Blessed are the feet of servants of Jesus Blessed are they that loudly share the Gospel Calling all men and women come to Christ Many heathen are already in Jesus They all now bow before Christ King and Savior Many have come many are following My friend rise up and come to join the mission Jesus the King He shall strengthen His people He goes before us in battle His servants Complete the great mission of Jesus on earth He that sends blessings upon all His own Shall bless all of us Hallelujah

HYMN 278
1. Christ Good Shepherd of the sheep Shepherd Good that feeds His people When the hour has come for Him All the earth shall come rejoicing Rise up now and shine Your Light Word of Jesus is fulfilled  2 Watchman is the morning here Time that men wake up all drowsy Sun of Righteousness now shines Rising shining on the nations Blind men women see that Light Word of Jesus is fulfilled     3 Come Good Shepherd of the sheep Make the darkness bright as day light Come to seek Your sheep O Lord Come to seek Your lost sheep on earth Flock of Jesus have no fear Fear not for the Savior comes     4 Mist of night is gone away And the sun shine is appearing Beasts of all the forest come Drawing near to springs of water Light of God shines on all things Word of Jesus now fulfilled     5 Graves shall open at His word Dry bones shall have new life in them They shall be a mighty host On the Day the Lord shall appear Jesus Christ who made all things His promises He shall keep     6 On that great and glorious Day Jesus Christ will be as sun light On this earth Hell shine as Light Light and life Hell give to all men All the promises He made All shall be fulfilled in Him

HYMN 279
1. Many falsely worship God here And numerous they are Blind they are and worship idols They are slaves to sin They are bound deceived by Satan They are all so lost In the darkness suffer much now Suffer all their lives  2 God is merciful to all such He seeks them to save Gospel Word He gives to all men Word we must now share God works through His church on this earth Calling all the lost He desires that all may hear Him Hear Him and be saved     3 Jesus Christ is Lord and Savior For mankind He came He must be the king of all men King of world must be He has sent His servants preaching Good news to all men Those that hear His word and trust Him They shall all be saved

HYMN 28
1. Our suffering Lord, merciful Father, Your love is great, eternal Love. I come with host of other sinners, Come praising you, and worship you. We thank You Lord, for Savior Christ Eternal One You are our God.  2 I'll praise you for what Jesus did here, He died to save this sinful world. He made atonement for all sinners, Forgave us and reconciled us. His Word is truth and life and light, His glory He has shared with us.     3 We have your joyful promises Lord, Your glory Lord, we sinners see. What then shall separate us from [you Lord? Your covenant is True and sure. Heaven and earth shall pass away, Faithful You shall remain always.     4 We have received the grace we need here, The grace you promised in your Word. God deepen faith and trust in Jesus, Help us to trust you only, Lord. I'll praise you now and evermore, Gracious You are, our faithful God.     5 Our hearts and tongues must offer praises, With all in us, we worship you. Grant grace that we may not forsake you, Lord, keep our hearts steadfast in you. May we be faithful servants Lord, Keep us close by You in this life.     6 When Satan comes with lustful cravings, Harass me in this sinful world. Clothe me with armor to protect me, The darts of evil shall not hurt. Lord multiply your grace to me, Grant me foundation strong in You.     7 All these confirm us as your children, Beloved children of you Lord. Great honor you bestowed on us all, In Jesus Christ, we are so blessed. Sinners you gave to Christ to save, I am one such that You did save.

HYMN 280
1. People sorrowful in Zion Grieve no longer sorrow no more God has not forsaken you If a mother fails her suckling The Lord God shall not forsake you He shall come quickly to save   2 Cheer up weep no more beloved Star of Jacob is now rising Glory of the Lord now shines Tribe of Judah cant believe this They cant see the Blood of Jesus The blind Jesus grants to see      3 On that Day when you shall know Him You shall weep in joy for Jesus But the Lord first knows you well All your sins He has forgiven No sin shall be seen in You then The Lord calls you come to Him      4 Trust in Jesus only always Let His Light shine always in you He shall be with you always All the kings shall bow before Him With their faces bowed to Jesus They shall know and praise the Lord      5 Lord of Hosts come to us Jesus Come and make us one in You Lord Gather us from all the lands Grant great joy to Israels people Make us part of all Your chosen Amen come now Jesus Christ

HYMN 281
1. Deep darkness covered all the earth The darkness covered all lands and the seas Dark works of Satan are found in mens hearts That make them worship idols in this world  2 See people from all backgrounds seek Seek Christ from all religions on this earth Both blacks and whites poor rich the young and old Come from the life of sin to praise the Lord     3 Christ Jesus had mercy on all He grants grace for all people to be saved Christ Jesus seeks us to proclaim His Word That His Name shall be heard in all the lands     4 The Promised Light shines brightly still The Promise of old God the Father made Then why should we fear death and darkness here Come now and join to build the house of God     5 You are Lord of the universe Lord You have saved the world with precious Blood Lord grant great growth in deserts of our lives And gather your people from all the lands

HYMN 282
1. Spirit of God that moved the first Saints Spirit in Zions cities come again Come quickly move by day and evening Destroy and put to shame all enemies Fill us to spread the Gospel news abroad Souls harvest for the Lord from every land  2 Spirit of Light shine brightly always Shine in the hearts of people everywhere And open eyes of all humankind Make known to all what Jesus did to save The harvest is so great and ready now The harvest is so much the laborers few     3 Equip us Lord to preach the Gospel Send us to spread the Gospel News abroad Be with us always help Thy servants Destroy the kingdom of the evil one Grant all to know and worship Jesus Christ His Holy Name to praise now and always     4 Grant that Thy Word may spread in all lands Grant that Thy Word may shine so brightly here Bring to the fold our sisters brothers Bring all of us into Thy Kingdom Lord Open the eyes of Israels people now Bless Thy Word to all people everywhere     5 Complete Thy glorious work O Jesus Redeemer Savior of this world from sin Bring to an end our groaning quickly The present darkness is so hard to bear With faith we tread this painful life O Lord O grant us grace to persevere in faith

HYMN 283
1. My people are wretched They are so poor in life And they are restless in this life with troubles Here they are enslaved with sin and idols All are enslaved  2 And this land is barren It suffers from the curse When shall morning dawn for this land where I live When shall God reject and forsake us now This shant happen     3 Land of Africa blessed Sunshine riches are found But they so much lack water of life from God And they lack light from God the Father Mighty Can they have light     4 The Light of God is here It shines so beautiful Gods light now shines brightly for all His people Light of life from the Lord God Jehovah comes Africa saved     5 Lift up your eyes and see See all the nations come People from all nations come now to Jesus Christ Lord the Savior and our maker friend Worship Him now     6 Jesus Christ Lord and God Your blessings pour on us We all long to see you soon come now come soon Give your righteousness and life to us now Africa bless

HYMN 284
1. Ascribe honor praise and glory Give all praise to Jehovah Come behold His glorious beauty Linger not but come to see  2 See the throng of people coming From all nations they come now Idol worshippers are coming Join them to the light of Christ     3 Join the crowd in praise of Jesus Come and praise His Holy Name Strangers now have come to Jesus Kings bow down and praise the Christ     4 Dear Lord Jesus bless the nations Turn the hearts of all to You Help us sow the precious seeds now Help us bear much fruit for You     5 Glory be to God Jehovah Grace abundant He gives all That we may bear fruit abundant Glorify His Name indeed

HYMN 285
1. God be gracious to us and bless us now And make Thy face shine brightly upon us Grant that Thy Name be known in all the earth Your saving power give to all in this world  2 Let all the peoples praise Thee Lord our God Let all the nations sing with gladsome joy We shall come joyfully to praise Thee God For Thou have guided nations to Thee Lord     3 Show us Thy paths show us Thy righteous ways As earth yields fruits abundant for us Lord So shall our lives yield much fruit for Thee Lord Grant us the fear of Thee and grant us love

HYMN 286
1. In death and darkness we dwelt We needed salvation God made the Righteous sinful Our sin Christ took away The enemy You crushed You opened gates of Heaven We praise You God our Savior And glorify Your name  2 All power in earth and heaven Is given to the Lord The enemy defeated God has placed under you All nations from the earth All peoples that on earth dwell They all shall come to Jesus They shall enter His joy     3 You search for other lost sheep The Gospel must reach such You send Your servants to them They bring the Gospel news In toil and much trouble They strive to preach the Gospel They bring Your Light to others Your message they proclaim     4 The Gospel shall reach all men Slaves shall hear and worship Slave masters also shall hear And come believe in You Where darkness dwells on earth Christs Light shall shine so brightly All men and women be free Gods mercy they shall have      5 Our Great King Jesus come now Come gather all mankind Save all your people from sin Bring all to sit with You Fling open wide the gates Your people shall come in now To everlasting life come Welcome Your people now

HYMN 287
1. Valiant men of faith and courage Strong in heart the Lord to serve Bold and brave with fearless spirit They faced all the frightening foes Nothing could their love destroy Sword and frightening beasts they faced For the Lord was with them through Therefore Satan feared them much   2 Faced with danger and temptations Lust of flesh and pleasures here Heart and mind they turned to Jesus Nothing pleased them in this world They desired the Heavenly joy They gave up all treasures here Nothing here could satisfy Only Christ they chose to have      3 What the world considered treasure They would trample under feet Riches of this world all pleasures Nothing turned their hearts from Christ Neither pain nor sorrow now Persecutions and hatred Joyfully they valiant faced They all looked to things above      4 I desire to emulate them Be like them in mission here Help me Lord to trust Your power Almighty Lord You are strong Come now help Your servants here Steadfast always be for Christ Faithful be till death shall come Be with me Lord to the end      5 Spirit of the Lord descend now Come to us and dwell with us Give us strength to fight the battle Steadfast be and stand for Christ Suffering shall not you dismay Fill us with your love O Christ That we may satisfied be Make us like the Saints of old

HYMN 288
1. Davids Son the King of Heaven He holds in His Hands the World Come and make your vows before Him For His Kingdom shall not cease Give the King Thy Justice O God Give your Righteousness to Him He shall be the judge of nations Give the poor the justice due  2 Let His glory fill the whole world Be upon His chosen race Let the Lord bring great salvation Save all people in the world He delivers all the needy Poor ones that call on His Name Wicked ones the Lord shall judge then He shall save the poor oppressed     3 His dominion stretches widely To the ends of earth He rules All the meek bow down before Him They all bow before the Throne He shall trample under His feet Enemies shall crumble now All those that defy the Lord God They shall all be crushed by Christ     4 Jesus Christ who lives forever He shines brightly as the Sun Grace and joy reside in Jesus He gives everlasting life By His Name we have all blessings Blessings always have in Christ Now reveal Your glorious splendor Let Your beauty fill the world

HYMN 289
1. From Greenlands icy mountains From Indias coral strand Where Africs sunny fountains Roll down their golden sand From many an ancient river From many a palmy plain They call us to deliver Their land from errors chain  2 What though the spicy breezes Blow soft oer Ceylons isle Though every prospect pleases And only man is vile In vain with lavish kindness The gifts of God are strewn The heathen in his blindness Bows down to wood and stone     3 Can we whose souls are lighted With wisdom from on high Can we to men benighted The lamp of life deny Salvation O salvation The joyful sound proclaim Till each remotest nation Has learnt Messiahs name     4 Waft waft ye winds His story And you ye waters roll Till like a sea of glory It spreads from pole to pole Till oer our ransomed nature The Lamb for sinners slain Redeemer King Creator In bliss returns to reign

HYMN 29
1. Worthy the Lamb that was slain, To receive honor and glory; Host of angels sing this song, What must we do for the Lord God? All redeemed by Jesus Christ, Join to praise the Lamb of God.  2 Lamb of God was slain for us, It was sin from us that slayed Him. Should we yield to sin again? That which caused the death of Jesus? Let us cast all sin away, And put on Christ's righteousness.     3 To you Lord I yield my heart, Jesus, take this life that you gave. Lord, receive and bless this life, All I have I give to Jesus. What I render, as worship, Is my life that you redeemed.

HYMN 290
1. Lord we have gathered at Your Feet In Your Holy Name we come It is Your will that is expressed You sow good seeds always Lord Your field is wide and covers all Lord sow your seeds in all the world Establish Lord Your Kingdom  2 You are the Prince and only Son You are the King of kings Christ The nations bow before You Lord They worship You Christ Jesus In You we trust on you we wait Lord hear the prayer we offer now Bless Lord the work we do here     3 The harvest is much in the fields Much more remains to harvest We thank You Lord and pray for grace Bring laborers for the harvest Enlarge the fields for harvesting Clear all large forests in our way Lord save and bless Your servants     4 Give us the Holy Spirits powr Help us to love all people Make us one Lord for that great task The mission you assigned us Grant grace that all may faithful be Work hard and please You Jesus Christ And seek Your Kingdom come Lord     5 On that great Day we all shall see How great the harvest has been Your servants shall rejoice in hope The harvest they expected We wait for You Lord of harvest The Lord who knows and does all things Your Rest we wait to enter

HYMN 291
1. My Lord and Master Jesus Redeemer great You are Mankind walks in deep darkness Sinful and blind we are Great Light shine in our darkness Shine brightly Light of God Remove the darkness from us Grant light to shine for all  2 We shall be filled with gladness Together we shall live We soon shall come together And be with Christ our Lord Come let us join this great cloud Join in the hosts of Saints With tongues and harps shall praise You Praise Jesus Christ the Lord     3 The eyes of all shall see Him Jesus the Judge theyll see They shall behold His glory All knees shall bow to Him Jesus the King of all kings Savior He is for all Those that reject the Savior The wrath of God theyll face     4 Lord Jesus help Your servant Appreciate such great love That when You come again Lord A child of Yours Ill be When this world shall be burnt up Deliver me O Lord My Savior King and Master Eternal praise Ill bring

HYMN 292
1. The Lord God shall pour the waters Thirsty land shall have water Streams shall flow from God on dry ground The dry ground shall be watered God shall pour His Spirit now Bless descendants and offspring  2 Israels people were so thirsty Cursed the land on which they dwelt They had turned aback from the Lord They had gone astray from Him When God looked for fruit from them Thorns and thistles only found     3 But the Word of God stands firmly All His promises are sure Those that weep now shall be blessed They shall soon be blessed with joy They shall come rejoicing soon When Gods blessings flow like streams     4 Steadfast and immovable be Serving Christ the Lord your God Seek the lost those that have wandered All that strayed from Israels fold Bring them back to Christ the Lord They shall join the Wedding feast     5 Hear our prayr and bless Your servants Send Your Spirit to us now Those that labor and do suffer Rescue them from evil men Grant us grace to trust You Lord Build the City of Zion

HYMN 293
1. Soldiers of Christ arise And put your armor on Strong in the strength which God supplies Through His eternal Son  2 Strong in the Lord of hosts And in His mighty powr Who in the strength of Jesus trusts Is more than conqueror     3 Stand then in His great might With all His strength endued And take to arm you for the fight The panoply of God     4 That having all things done And all your conflicts passed Ye may oercome through Christ alone And stand entire at last     5 Leave no unguarded place No weakness of the soul Take every virtue every grace And fortify the whole     6 From strength to strength go on Wrestle and fight and pray Tread all the powrs of darkness down And win the wellfought day

HYMN 294
1. Christian seek not yet repose Hear thy guardian angel say Thou art in the midst of foes Watch and pray  2 Principalities and powers Mustering their unseen array Wait for thy unguarded hours Watch and pray     3 Gird thy heavenly armor on Wear it ever night and day Ambushed lies the evil one Watch and pray     4 Hear the victors who oercame Still they mark each warriors way All with one sweet voice exclaim Watch and pray     5 Hear above all hear thy Lord Him thou lovest to obey Hide within thy heart His Word Watch and pray     6 Watch as if on that alone Hung the issue of the day Pray that help may be sent down Watch and pray

HYMN 295
1. Sanctify us in Thy Word Lord Hide us in you destroy the foe Those that seek to destroy your work And seek to take Gods Kingdom here  2 Reveal your glory Jesus Christ Reveal your power for all to see Keep us O Lord and comfort us That we may sorrowful not be     3 God Holy Spirit Comforter Come and comfort your chosen ones Make us one body in you Lord And save us from the dread of sin     4 Lord look upon your children now Our sufferings here on earth you see Strengthen our faith to trust you Lord And shorten days of suffering here     5 Satan seeks honor to frustrate He seeks to scan your work in vain May all the traps he sets for us Fail him and bring much shame on him     6 Grant all to know Your power O Lord And that you are the living God When all Your children You protect Keep them all safe that trust in you     7 All Saints on earth shall worship you Worship God Father Son Spirit God three in one and One in three We worship you forevermore

HYMN 296
1. Onward march onward march Onward Zion walk in light Let your light be brightly burning Love forsake not as you go Seek the spring of life eternal Through the narrow gate Zion must go Onward march onward march Onward Zion walk in light  2 Suffering bear suffering bear Zion bear all scorn and shame Through all sorrow pain and anguish Unto death you must endure Let the crown of life in Heaven Help you to endure the pain on earth Suffering bear suffering bear Zion bear all scorn and shame     3 Lust seek not lust seek not Zion seek not lust of flesh Let not fleshly things attract you Yield not to their vanities Fear not Satans fiery arrows Yield not to temptations sweet from him Lust seek not lust seek not Zion seek not lust of flesh

HYMN 297
1. Zions City of the Lord God City loved so much by God City chosen by Jehovah Now is mourning and now grieves Zion mourns and says to God Lord you have forsaken me I am forsaken and punished Youve turned away your face from me  2 God has promised now to help me All I need He shall provide I have sought for Christ my Savior With deep grief I sought my Lord Shall the wrath of God remain Shall His wrath be for all time Will He not show any mercy Will He now forsake poor wretched     3 But the Lord says this to Zion Can a womans tender care Forsake child she loves and cares for Forsake child that she now feeds Even such forgetful be Zion God shall not forsake You are precious to the Lord God God shall not forsake or forget     4 Let not Satan blind you loved one You are loved and cherished much Your walls always are before me They are much that build your walls Those that seek you Ill destroy You shall have joy and gladness Sorrow and sighing shall vanish I am He the Lord that comforts     5 You shall always be before God In His bosom you shall lie You shall be like little children Feeding on the love of God Always trust His promises Nothing here can separate you None can separate you from Jesus Faithful Jesus Christ is always

HYMN 298
1. A safe stronghold our God is still A trusty shield and weapon Hell help us clear from all the ill That hath us now oertaken The ancient prince of hell Hath risen with purpose fell Strong mail of craft and power He weareth in this hour On earth is not his fellow  2 With force of arms we nothing can Full soon were we downridden But for us fights the proper Man Whom God Himself hath bidden Ask ye who is this same Christ Jesus is His Name The Lord Sabaoths Son He and no other one Shall conquer in the battle     1 A safe stronghold our God is still A trusty shield and weapon Hell help us clear from all the ill That hath us now oertaken The ancient prince of hell Hath risen with purpose fell Strong mail of craft and power He weareth in this hour On earth is not his fellow     2 With force of arms we nothing can Full soon were we downridden But for us fights the proper Man Whom God Himself hath bidden Ask ye who is this same Christ Jesus is His Name The Lord Sabaoths Son He and no other one Shall conquer in the battle     5 And were this world all devils oer And watching to devour us We lay it not to heart so sore Not they can overpower us And let the prince of ill Look grim as eer he will He harms us not a whit For why his doom is writ A word shall quickly slay him     6 Gods Word for all their craft and force One moment will not linger But spite of hell shall have its course Tis written by His finger And though they take our life Goods honor children wife Yet is their profit small These things shall vanish all The City of God remaineth

HYMN 299
1. Thou whose almighty Word Chaos and darkness heard And took their flight Hear us we humbly pray And where the Gospels day Sheds not its glorious ray Let there be light  2 Thou who didst come to bring On Thy redeeming wing Healing and sight Health to the sick in mind Sight to the inly blind O now to all mankind Let there be light     3 Spirit of truth and love Life giving holy Dove Speed forth Thy flight Move on the waters face Bearing the lamp of grace And in earths darkest place Let there be light     4 Blessd and holy Three Glorious Trinity Wisdom love might Boundless as oceans tide Rolling in fullest pride Through the world far and wide Let there be light

HYMN 3
1. Sing ye saints, sing to the Savior, Jehovah is He. Give Him thanks, and praise Him                                               [always, Praise Him everywhere. Christians come, your Lord extol, Magnify His Blessed Name. Give Him thanks, and praise your                                               [Savior, Glorify His Name.  2 You redeemed ones, blessed children, Peace you have in Christ. Joy and peace you have in Jesus, This God wants for you. For He loves all the children, And He cares for them always. For He guides them, and protects them, Glorify His Name.     3 People of God, Israel's children, Come rejoicing, now. For the Lord who made and saved you, Favor He bestows. Zion's children come with joy, Be assured that all is well. For the Lord, the God Almighty, Sovereign Lord is He.

HYMN 30
1. Glory be to God, The Creator of the world in Love, Great provider, sustainer the Lord, Glory be to Him, Infinite His wisdom is, Omnipotent is our God, Come praise the Lord of all Host.   2 Praise Jehovah God, He did make all things so beautiful, In His knowledge, love, He made all [things, We must praise the Lord, None was there to help the Lord, When the universe He made, Come praise the Name of the Lord.      3 God, Almighty Lord, Omnipotent, Omnipresent God, Idols all are creatures, when compared, With Almighty God, Come ye people of this world, Come and glorify the Lord, He is worthy, of our Praise.

HYMN 300
1. Hearts united in Christ we have Fellowship with Jesus Christ And with love from God our Father Worship Him and Jesus Christ He is Head and we are subjects We reflect His glorious life He is Lord we are His children We are one with Him in God  2 Come ye offspring of the Father Come renew your covenant Come as true and faithful children Come with love for everyone Love that binds you all together Tender sweet and gentle love With a plea in heart for mercy For the Lord to build you strong     3 May the love of Christ our Savior Grow in you from strength to strength That your love for every neighbor May reflect the love of God Think of Jesus who gave Himself All His Blood He shed for us And give life to one another As Christ Jesus loved us all     4 You must work to teach each other Teach and show humility Kindness and love show each other As you follow Christ the Lord Christ Himself was crucified here Showing what it means to serve You should follow His example And lay down your life for all     5 Make us one O Lord in this life As you are the Trinity Grant all saints on earth and heaven Be united with you Lord May we shine with glorious light now And reflect your glory here May the nations see our lives here And declare that we are yours

HYMN 301
1. In Christ there is no East or West In Him no South or North But one great fellowship of love Throughout the whole wide earth  2 In Him shall true hearts everywhere Their high communion find His service is the golden cord Close binding humankind     3 Join hands then members of the faith Whatever race may be Who serves my Father as His child Is surely kin to Me     4 In Christ now meet both East and West In Him meet North and South All Christly souls are one in Him Throughout the whole wide earth

HYMN 302
1. For all the saints who from their labors rest Who Thee by faith before the world confessed Thy Name O Jesus be forever blessed Alleluia Alleluia  2 Thou wast their Rock their Fortress and their Might Thou Lord their Captain in the well fought fight Thou in the darkness drear their one true Light Alleluia Alleluia     3 O may Thy soldiers faithful true and bold Fight as the saints who nobly fought of old And win with them the victors crown of gold Alleluia Alleluia     4 O blest communion fellowship divine We feebly struggle they in glory shine All are one in Thee for all are Thine Alleluia Alleluia     5 And when the strife is fierce the warfare long Steals on the ear the distant triumph song And hearts are brave again and arms are strong Alleluia Alleluia     6 The golden evening brightens in the west Soon soon to faithful warriors comes their rest Sweet is the calm of Paradise the blessed Alleluia Alleluia     7 From earths wide bounds from oceans farthest coast Through gates of pearl streams in the countless host And singing to Father Son and Holy Ghost Alleluia Alleluia

HYMN 303
1. We are one Holy Church in Christ We have such great fellowship There is one glory for us all One Spirit we have from God As many as God has chosen They are all holy in Jesus They have all heavenly blessings  2 In earthly life there is difference All people are not equal But all shall have an end in life Then all shall face the judgment Those who are poor in this life now And those who have all riches here There shall be no difference then     3 In new creation of the Lord We shall be one in Jesus We have one Lord who is the Christ Who is our Savior and God We have one faith one baptism And all share in the Lords Supper There is one Father for all     4 In congregation of righteous I shall seek to be always Whatever troubles in this life I shall endure with patience For those that suffer with you Lord They shall be also glorified They shall have life eternal

HYMN 304
1. Who are these that stand before God Multitude great none can count Clothed in white before the Lamb stood They shine brightly like the stars Hallelujah always sing They all glorify the Lord  2 Who are these that hold palm branches Like victorious saints they are They have overcome the devil They caused enemies to flee The good fight they all fought well From where is their victory     3 Who are these that have white robes on Righteous holy clothes they wear These robes they wear shall never fade They shall not be stained ever White they shall be evermore Where came all these clothed in white     4 They have come from tribulations Great tribulations they faced Troubles persecutions they had Trials and temptations all Overcame the fearful strife Now they have crowns from their God     5 They are branches of that great Vine They are from the Spring of Life Their clothes washed in Blood of Jesus In the Blood of Lamb are washed They have righteousness of Christ Beautiful they are in Him     6 Let me overcome flesh and sin Overcome Satan and death In You I shall have victory Let me not desert you Lord Save me from all troubles here Lord and God you are to me

HYMN 305
1. Give me the wings of faith to rise Within the veil and see The saints above how great their joys How bright their glories be  2 Once they were mourners here below And poured out cries and tears They wrestled hard as we do now With sins and doubts and fears     3 I ask them whence their victory came They with united breath Ascribe their conquest to the Lamb Their triumph to His death     4 They marked the footsteps that He trod His zeal inspired their breast And following their incarnate God Possess the promised rest     5 Our glorious Leader claims our praise For His own pattern given While the long cloud of witnesses Show the same path to Heaven

HYMN 306
1. Strive always to live in unity In Jesus Christ this must be so Let love and peace of God be in you Be bound in life of God the Lord We are all one body in Jesus And we are one in God Spirit We all have one hope in the Lord God In this we have life in Jesus  2 The Lord we all worship is one Lord One faith we have in Jesus Christ One baptism we all have in Him By this we are all Gods children We have one God the Father of all He is the Lord of all the Saints He is our all and all in this life He cares for all His children here     3 We all must desire for Gods blessings We all must seek for grace from God Grace God has so given to us all By measure of Christ God gives grace When Christ ascended high to Heaven He led a host of captives there He gave good gifts to all those with Him He blessed those that believed in Him     4 He that descended now ascended He now fills all things in the world All things now belong to Christ Jesus Therefore He gives gifts to all men Christ Jesus is above all heavens He is the Lord of life and death Therefore He gives good things to us all He made us all and everything     5 He gave us Apostles to witness They witnessed all that Christ did here He gave evangelists and prophets Some pastors teachers for the flock Christ well equipped His Church for mission Mission He gave to spread Good News He well equipped His Church to serve here That His Church may grow here on earth     6 The body Christ builds for His mission The Church is Jesus Christs body Christ sanctifies all to be like Him That we may grow like Him to be The fullness of Christ be in all Saints We may all have Christs stature then No longer tossed to and fro again But we may be complete in Christ

HYMN 307
1. Ten thousand times ten thousand In sparkling raiment bright The armies of the ransomed Saints Throng up the steeps of light Tis finished all is finished Their fight with death and sin Fling open wide the golden gates And let the victors in  2 What rush of hallelujahs Fills all the earth and sky The ringing of a thousand harps Proclaims the triumph high O day for which creation And all its tribes were made O joy for all its former woes A thousand fold repaid     3 O then what raptured greetings On Canaans happy shore What knitting severed friendships up Where partings are no more Then eyes with joy shall sparkle That brimmed with tears of late Orphans no longer fatherless Nor widows desolate     4 Bring near Thy great salvation Thou Lamb for sinners slain Fill up the roll of Thine elect Then take Thy power and reign Appear Desire of nations Thine exiles long for home Show in the heavens Thy promised sign Thou Prince and Savior come

HYMN 308
1. You brethren in Christ Jesus Strive on for night is here We shall be safe as pilgrims No danger can destroy Be courageous brave ones And journey to our home there The Lord will strengthen all Saints All shall be well at last  2 Narrow the way we travel Let none be discouraged The one who called is Jesus He is the Faithful One Come let us honor Christ Come now and walk in Jesus Come let us travel with Him Jerusalem our Home     3 God has prepared a great place No eye has seen it yet One day we shall all leave here We shall be in that place Fear not be not afraid Forsake this world so vainly Bear all insults and shame here Take all to Jesus Christ     4 Prepare your hearts for Jesus Invest not in the flesh For we are pilgrims strangers All heading to Heaven Put childish things away Live maturely as people Let not pleasures of this world Entangle you O Saint     5 Take courage you are not far You shall be Home at last Be steadfast take fresh courage You soon shall be at Home There we shall have Gods rest Gods rest awaits us His saints We shall join hosts to sing praise We shall be satisfied

HYMN 309
1. Jesus Lord we look to Thee Let us in Thy Name agree Show Thyself the Prince of Peace Bid our strife forever cease  2 By Thy reconciling love Every stumbling block remove Each to each unite endear Come and spread Thy banner here     3 Make us of one heart and mind Gentle courteous and so kind Lowly meek in thought and word Altogether like our Lord     4 Let us for each other care Each the others burdens bear To Thy church the pattern give Show how true believers live     5 Free from anger and from pride Let us thus in God abide All the depths of love express All the heights of holiness     6 Let us then with joy remove To the family above On the wings of angels fly Show how true believers die

HYMN 31
1. God, who made the earth, The air, the sky, the sea, Who gave the light its birth, Careth for me.  2 God, who made the grass, The flow'r, the fruit, the tree, The day and night to pass, Careth for me.     3 God, who made the sun, The moon, the stars, is He Who, when life's clouds come on, Careth for me.     4 God, who made all things, On earth, in air, in sea, Who if I lean on Him, Careth for me.     5 When in Heav'n's bright land I all His loved ones see, I'll sing with that blest band, Careth for me.     6 God who gave His Son, Jesus who died for me, Help me to lean on you, You'll care for me.

HYMN 310
1. Guide me O Thou great Jehovah Pilgrim through this barren land I am weak but Thou art Mighty Hold me with Thy powrful Hand Bread of Heaven Bread of Heaven Feed me till I want no more  2 Open now the crystal Fountain Whence the healing stream shall flow Let the fiery cloudy pillar Lead me all my journey through Strong Delivrer Strong Delivrer Be Thou still my Strength and Shield     3 Lord I trust Thy mighty power Wondrous are Thy works of old Thou deliverst Thine from thralldom Who for naught themselves had sold Thou didst conquer Thou didst conquer Sin and Satan and the grave     4 When I tread the verge of Jordan Bid my anxious fears subside Death of death and hells Destruction Land me safe on Canaans side Songs of praises songs of praises I will ever give to Thee

HYMN 311
1. Jesus our Lord we pray to Thee Send God the Holy Spirit now To help us in Your gracious Love That we may walk with You in truth  2 Help us to glorify You Lord Sanctify now our hearts and minds To trust You Lord and follow You And live the Word in faithfulness     3 Grant us to join the hosts of Heavn Singing Jehovahs Holy Name And see Thee Lord in Heaven we pray Give You our God eternal praise     4 Father and Son and Holy Ghost To You alone we glorify O Triune God we worship You We praise Your glorious Holy Name

HYMN 312
1. True Vine of God Jesus you are Make me a branch by grace And prune this branch as Thou wilt Lord That fruitful I may be  2 To You I pray O Living Vine That I may always be A part of You the Source of Life A part of Christs own life     3 Grant me to heed Thy love command My neighbor dearly love As You have loved so let me love A friend dear Lord to be     4 Fill all my life with Your sweet love A love so full and free Grant that my life in every part Your love may show always     5 Help me to love You dearly Lord Until this life is oer And then in glory love You more Forever Lord Amen

HYMN 313
1. Thine forever God of love Hear us from Thy throne above Thine forever may we be Here and in eternity  2 Thine forever Lord of life Shield us through our earthly strife Thou the Life the Truth the Way Guide us to the realms of day     3 Thine forever O how blest They who find in Thee their rest Savior Guardian heavenly Friend O defend us to the end     4 Thine forever Savior keep These Thy frail and trembling sheep Safe alone beneath Thy care Let us all Thy goodness share     5 Thine forever in that day When the world shall pass away When the trumpet note shall sound And the nations underground     6 Thine forever Thou our Guide All our wants by Thee supplied All our sins by Thee forgiven Lead us Lord from earth to Heavn

HYMN 314
1. I need thee evry hour most gracious Lord No tender voice like thine can peace afford Refrain I need thee O I need thee evry hour I need thee O bless me now my Savior I come to Thee  2 I need thee evry hour stay thou nearby Temptations lose their powr when thou art nigh Refrain     3 I need thee evry hour in joy or pain Come quickly and abide or life is vain Refrain     4 I need thee evry hour teach me thy will And thy rich promises in me fulfill Refrain     5 I need thee evry hour Most Holy One O make me thine indeed thou blessed Son Refrain

HYMN 315
1. Lord Jesus Christ grant that Thy Word Richly dwell in our hearts For knowledge wisdom strength comfort We have all in your Word  2 Dear Jesus grant Your Spirit Dwell fully in our hearts That You may be our Teacher That He may comfort us     3 Your love give us dear Jesus Fill all our hearts with love That we may love you truly And love our neighbors too     4 Divine strength grant Lord Jesus Full strength we need from You That we may boldly follow Victorious always be     5 Your righteousness Lord give us That we may righteous be That we may always please You Live righteous for You Lord     6 The Good News precious message Grant me to treasure this And if we die with You Lord We shall be raised with You     7 When we are done in this life Completed pilgrims work Grant us to be with You Lord Be with You evermore

HYMN 316
1. Make haste to help me Lord For You are my salvation Be not far from me Lord Show me Thy righteous paths Lord Be gracious unto me Help me to please You here Be light unto my paths Make haste to help me Lord  2 Make haste to help me Lord Watch my life and behavior Lord put me not to shame Let not sin have dominion The Holy Spirit give Come Spirit in me dwell That I may stand for Christ Be watchful pray always     3 Be not far from me Lord For Satan lurks around me When he comes tempting me Deliver me from evil For sinful I am Lord No good in me is found Come Lord to save me now That I may stand for You     4 Make haste to help me Lord Grace multiply for me now Come bless me O my God Bless work of Your servant here And all I do on earth The work my hands have done Be pleasing in Your sight Satisfy You O God     5 Make haste to help me Lord All that I have I give You Take me and make me Yours Let all my life honor You Grant me all that I need To finish this race well And when You call me Home I shall enjoy your Rest

HYMN 317
1. Jesus come and live in me Leave me not but stay with me Come O Lord my truest friend Make me Yours for evermore  2 All the pleasures of this life Fail to satisfy my needs Only You can satisfy What I need in all my life     3 When You search my life O Lord And You find my evil thoughts Sweep away such thoughts from me Cleanse me Lord from every sin     4 None compares with You O Lord Not the glory of seraphs Not the glory of the earth You alone are beautiful     5 Take my life and all I have I surrender all to You You alone I need in life In You Lord I have true joy     6 Jesus You are all in all All I seek I find in You Be my friend for evermore None can separate me from You

HYMN 318
1. Lead me Lord Lead me in Thy righteousness Make Thy way plain before my face For it is Thou Lord Thou Lord only That makest me dwell in safety

HYMN 319
1. The grace of our Lord Jesus Be with the saints ever Jesus who is with us in life Come Lord come Jesus Christ  2 The narrow way is so hard To walk in it is hard But for Your grace we all shall fall Come Jesus be with us     3 Our living hope is Jesus Give us great hope in life When we are frightened worried Be with us hold our hands     4 By grace the Saints overcame They were victorious here Give us Your grace O Jesus Conquerors make us Lord     5 The glory of God is here This helps us stand so strong With Jesus Christ in our hearts In life we shall succeed     6 When we are low in spirit His mercy shall sustain His grace is always with us Victorious we shall be     7 We cry to You Lord Jesus We plead with You O Lord Lord multiply grace to us Grant us a place in Heavn

HYMN 32
1. Earth and heav'n and all therein Glorify the Lord and praise, Come my soul your treasure bring, To reveal God's glory now.  2 See the sun and moon and stars, How their splendors fill the skies. To reveal God's glory bright, Day and night they praise His Name.     3 So the beauty of the earth, Majestic in wondrous life; Beauty from its teeming life, Glorifies the Lord our God!     4 Birds of air too sing your praise, Rivers, seas and springs and lakes; Lightening, thunder, earthquake, storms, All reveal the power of God.     5 Wonderful, you are my God As I ponder all your works. Show me now your glory Lord, Lord of love, I worship you.

HYMN 320
1. My God I am unworthy child Have mercy on me O my God I bring now to You all my sin With much tears Lord I come to You  2 You know me truly well O God You know me better than myself Where shall I flee from You O Lord In uttermost parts You dwell Lord     3 In You only Lord Jesus Christ I have forgiveness for my sin Be merciful to me O God Give me a new life and Spirit

HYMN 321
1. Friend of weary saints on earth Listen to my cry I pray Give me peace and grace O Lord Bless me and my house O God  2 We toil here and labor on Lord you know what we do here You see all the sweat and tears Grant our labor bear much fruit     3 All disasters all dangers Keep us far from them O Lord Flesh is weak it shall soon fail Give us strength O Lord to serve     4 Life we live here on this earth We have from Your Spirit Lord Let Your Holy Spirit come Cleanse our hearts and dwell within     5 Those that sorrow much in life Seek Your Comfort gracious Lord In their troubles and distress Holy Spirit be with them     6 Bless us with all blessings now Bless us as we go to serve Give us living hope always Come assure us we are Yours

HYMN 322
1. To you Lord I come my Father At your Throne I bow O God Tears and pleadings of Your children I present to You O Christ Grant me audience let me find You Flesh and blood though I am Lord  2 Look upon me Lord I come now Show me Lord the way to you You alone I love my Father You are mine you purchased me Grant me audience let me find You Make me yours be mine O God     3 Jesus Christ you are God Holy Bright the Morning Star You shine I am sinful corrupt within Full of sin Lord my heart is Grant me audience let me find You Within me place a clean heart     4 When I face great tribulations Be with me in all the storms When I weep and feel so distressed Help me Lord and strengthen me Grant me audience let me find You This heart longs for you my God     5 This worlds glory and its pleasures Nothing satisfies me here My heart seeks no sinful pleasures But it seeks eternal things Grant me audience let me find You Come Lord Jesus come to stay

HYMN 323
1. This worlds glory and its pleasures Nothing satisfies me here My heart seeks no sinful pleasures But it seeks eternal things Grant me audience let me find You Come Lord Jesus come to stay  2 At midnight or in day time You show me way to follow Listen to my prayr O gracious Lord     3 My Savior You are my guide All my needs You provided Listen to my prayr O gracious Lord     2 At midnight or in day time You show me way to follow Listen to my prayr O gracious Lord     5 To You Lord I commit all Your Word too I shall obey Listen to my prayr O gracious Lord     6 Dear Father help Your servant Your service only seek now Listen to my prayr O gracious Lord

HYMN 324
1. I have gone astray like lost sheep Seek me early from the lost Search me O Lord look upon me Wake me up from slumber now Give me no rest in this life Until You have found me Lord Whether living or in dying Yield to You O Lord all my life  2 Lord the blessings You have given Are so great and are so full With much shame I come before You For unworthy I am Lord Lord I have not loved the truth Sinful passions I have sought I have not thanked You for blessings So ungrateful I have been Lord     3 I had lived in sin for so long Lord You hate sin we commit Unclean I was all so filthy There was death no hope for me If I sin against You Lord Make me feel the pain within Horror of sin make me see clear Grant me true repentance Jesus     4 Grant me strength to live to please you Help me love You and love all Make me good and faithful servant Help me keep the vows I make When I am so weak and frail Lord support me strengthen me Help me fight the fearful battle Overcome flesh and the worldly     5 By Your stripes I have all healing By Your Blood I am all clean In the hour of death I have hope With joy I shall leave this earth Christ defeated death by death Fear of death is now no more I shall pass from death into life Have eternal life joy and peace

HYMN 325
1. Pour Your Spirit on the Church Give the Holy Spirit Spirit from Christ Jesus come Cleanse our hearts sanctify With Your heart and Your tongue Praise the Lord Jehovah Come before Him pleading  2 Holy Spirit come and cleanse Cleanse me fully I pray Jesus poured His Blood for us We are His forever Therefore come come in prayer Incense fragrant offer Offer prayer to Jesus     3 Prayer we offer You O Lord And the plea we make Lord These are our sacrifices Holy sacrifice bring Jesus is firstborn Son High Priest in the heavens Intercessor Jesus     4 Prayer of faithful one God hears And God blesses such prayer When we all gather to pray Greater blessings shall come Gods heart is moved by prayer So all must come praying How much we shall move God     5 Come then children of the Lord Come pray without ceasing Lift your eyes to God on High Holy hands you Saints lift Lift your hearts to the Lord Enter Gods Throne room now Enter Holy Holies     6 Endtime terrible shall come Pray that this may come soon Then the glory of the Lord Shall appear with great joy What the angels do seek That great Day of Glory May we see that great Day

HYMN 326
1. Our Father God who dwells in Heavn Hallowed be Your Name on earth Thy Kingdom come Thy will be done On earth as it is in Heavn Lord here we come to worship You Give us the grace we need for this Worship You with heart soul mind  2 Your Name be Holy in our midst Let Your will be our will here Grant hearts and minds to dwell on You Lord make us holy as You We praise Your Holy Name O God The evil ones deceit destroy Keep all Your children in truth     3 Grant Lord Your Kingdom come on earth Your Kingdom Lord establish Give us Your Spirit blessings all Come fill our lives with Your life Deliver us from evil one Protect us from his evil ways Come visit Your church on earth     4 Grant us to do Your will on earth As done in Heaven we must When we experience suffering here Help us be patient waiting Give us the grace to please You Lord Take away flesh and all its lust As You desire Lord be done     5 Lead us not into temptation For Satan seeks to devour He is around us seeking us To steal and kill and destroy Give to us Lord the shield of faith Help us put on the armor full Cause evil one to flee us     6 Deliver us from evil one In evil times we live Lord From death eternal save us Lord Help us in strong storms in life Come Lord come comfort us we pray Give us Your peace in death O Lord Our spirit we commit now

HYMN 327
1. God our Father in the heavens Hear the prayer I bring to You Give me what I need to please You Lord I wait to hear You speak  2 Lord you know best what I need here What the body and soul need Grant me what is best for me from You we have all things we need     3 Grace from you is bright as sunshine Lord your Word is fresh as dew These are precious things I need Lord Pleasure I have in such gifts     4 Let your Spirit guide me dear Lord Heed Your Word the Word of life That I may walk in the paths that Lead to You in Heavn above

HYMN 328
1. In humility we come Lord In meekness we kneel down We are but dust and ashes Lord You could shut us all out  2 We shall perish if we pray not Strengthen us Lord to pray When we come approaching to pray Lord meet us in the way     3 Our sins weigh us down burden us The flesh is also weak Fightings and fears and all struggles Our hearts are burdened Lord     4 God of mercy come we pray You Come hear us as we pray Fill our hearts with truth from you Lord And help us to obey     5 Lord help us to believe in You You are the Christ our Lord Precious Blood that You shed for us This saves us from our sins     6 Give us grace to be patient here Strengthen Your people here That we may not be fearful Saints But fight the fight of faith     7 Give us life from You Lord Jesus In this we shall rejoice In death as in life we have peace Eternal life we have

HYMN 329
1. My God remember me Be gracious and merciful Lord when I feel You near My heart is filled with gladness With Thee secure I am Safe in the storms of life Then hear me as I pray Remember me O Lord  2 My God remember me But not my sinful life Lord Unworthy Lord I am A worthless sinner only Your mercy Lord I plead Your gracious love I seek Cleanse me from every sin My God remember me     3 My God remember me With blessings from Thee dear Lord Keep safe our homes O Lord And bless our nation always Pour now your Spirit Lord And fill me with your life This too I pray and ask Lord God remember me     4 My God remember me In deaths dark vale and shadow When death is closely by And I am close to Heaven Into your Hands dear Lord Commit my spirit then And cry to Thee with joy Dear Lord remember me     5 God has remembered me He thinks of me throughout life For this I have great joy And have great peace within me No troubles now I fear Nor dread the pain in life Lord You have heard my cry You have remembered me

HYMN 33
1. Wonderful is our God the Father, None can compare with Him in glory, You are so mighty, majestic. Radiantly bright you shine with splendor, The Light is robe for you our Father, You wear as garment, glorious light. You have in power made all the heavens, The sun and moon and stars you made. Your glorious throne is set in Heaven, No eye has seen your glorious being.  2 In the beginning, you made all things, Heaven and earth, you Lord created, The earth you caused to be apart. The earth was covered with much water, The waters rose above the mountains, The Spirit moved over waters. The waters you caused to be gathered, The waters were apart from land, Mountains appeared, and land was then seen, The waters gathered as the Sea.     3 You caused the rain to form above us, You send the rain from clouds above us, With winds you send the rain to us. Lightening with thunderstorms, the [rain comes, The rain descends from clouds above us, The falling rain is sent from you. The winds are like your angels coming, The lightening is like servant sent, They come revealing, Lord your power, Your greatness, see with fear of you.     4 In this life, Lord I'll always praise you, In all my life, I'll praise my Maker, I shall give thanks and glorify. All people come and praise the Lord God, Come join to sing and praise the Maker, The Lord is worthy of all praise. Sinners shall not have life forever, They shall too soon perish in life, The righteous shall love Lord their Savior, They shall rejoice in God their Lord.

HYMN 330
1. My gracious God and friend Fountain from You good things flow All things You created You gave us all things needful Grant that my body mind My spirit and my all Be pure as You desire Your glory I do seek  2 Lord help me now to seek To do what Lord shall please You That I may faithful be In all things Youve committed At all times serve You Lord Do what You need from me And bless my handiworks That they may flourish much     3 When I face troubles here Grant me to fear no evil Grant me great courage Lord And help me in my troubles Lord bless me with patience Patience I need to fight The wisdom that I need Grant me to act aright     4 Grant me the peace I need Be gentle with all others As You desire O Lord Help me to act to please You Help me to act aright Injustice keep from me Help me not to defraud Help me to do the right     5 To Father give all praise Give praise here and in Heaven To Christ the Son of God Be worship adoration To God the Holy Ghost Your glories spread abroad Trinity triune God Receive honor and praise

HYMN 331
1. Lord Jesus we are gathered here We hunger for Your Word Weve come to listen to Your Word Lord speak your servants wait  2 We pray You Lord come in our midst Lord open every ear Bless us like You did Lydia Open our hearts to heed     3 We are now silent speak O Lord We wait for wisdom Lord Grant us to know Your ways O Lord Give us grace to obey     4 Lord Jesus be with us always Be with us Lord we pray Grant us the grace to live for You Live by Your Word O Lord

HYMN 332
1. Gospel of God sweet message Sweeter food compared with honey In this Gospel Christ revealed Glory of the Lord we do see In this we have faith in Christ Precious Gospel come from God  2 Gospel filled with power of God Power of God salvation bring in Knowledge I desire from this Precious knowledge Jesus saved me Jesus is the light of God Hes the Word the Prophets spoke     3 Show me clearly Jesus Christ Show me how He lived amongst us Show me wondrous things He did Let me see Anointed Jesus Show me how He bore my sin Show me Jesus on the Cross     4 Gospel strengthens faith in Christ Faith deep rooted in the Lord God Great example Jesus sets Let me follow Jesus closely That my life shall please the Lord Jesus Gospel joyful news     5 Precious message I shall tell Whether living or in dying Whether honored or disgraced Jesus Christ my glory ever Pleasant Gospel news from God Jesus mine forever more

HYMN 333
1. Jesus priceless is Your Gospel Help me treasure this always This is the best treasure I have here Nothing in this life compares Your Word is my lifes foundation I desire this more than life Men of earth are deceitful beings Word of God is truth that stands  2 Jesus is my Lord and Savior Come and help me protect me Be with me in my temptations On Your Word alone I stand Let me sit at Thy feet Jesus That I may receive Your Word I shall seek to obey Jesus Keep Your Word for evermore

HYMN 334
1. Lord thy Word abideth And our footsteps guideth Who its truth believeth Light and joy receiveth  2 When our foes are near us Then thy Word doth cheer us Word of consolation Message of salvation     3 When the storms are oer us And dark clouds before us Then its light directeth And our way protecteth     4 Who can tell the pleasure Who recount the treasure By Thy Word imparted To the simplehearted     5 Word of mercy giving Succor to the living Word of life supplying Comfort to the dying     6 O that we discerning Its most holy learning Lord may love and fear Thee Evermore be near Thee

HYMN 335
1. Word of God the Holy Fountain You came down from Heavn you came Great strength you give to all people To those that open their hearts If you are like flower that withered Shriveled up by heat of sun If you are so thirsty come now Come and drink from Fount of Life  2 If You are not with us Jesus All shall be dark on this earth If You are not what is heaven Joyful rooms that are all shut If You are not what can life be Death and darkness shall be ours If You are not what shall death be Death shall be so frightening then     3 Word of Life from You we have life Kindle fire for Christ in hearts When You show the path of suffering You show also joy of Heavn Word of God comes like the thunder It is frightening for sinners But for all who have repented You give forgiveness and love     4 In You we find judgment of God Justice standard none can meet But You show us love of Jesus Salvation we have in Him In Gods Word we find the Father From whom we have Christ Jesus Christ who died for sinners on earth He has saved mankind from sin     5 Living Word come drink from that Well Life eternal You shall have When you are faithful to Gods Word Crown of life you shall have then Let me take this Word so precious Sword of Spirit Gods Word is With this I shall be a conqueror Crown of Life I shall soon have

HYMN 336
1. Word eternal Great God You were hidden from us You remained so mute From the fall of Adam You have not departed The Word has remained This same Word is living Word In this Word there is great freedom We have life from this Word  2 Will of God and purpose Hid in You from ages Eternal You are What You did for Israel In covenant promise In the Laws You gave All the promises You made Statutes and the ordinances In Christ all are fulfilled     1 Word eternal Great God You were hidden from us You remained so mute From the fall of Adam You have not departed The Word has remained This same Word is living Word In this Word there is great freedom We have life from this Word     2 Will of God and purpose Hid in You from ages Eternal You are What You did for Israel In covenant promise In the Laws You gave All the promises You made Statutes and the ordinances In Christ all are fulfilled     5 God has spoken for us In Christ and in His death The curse He removed Jesus died to save us Grace upon grace we have We have all from Christ Christ arose and went to Heavn By His merits we are righteous We are holy in Him     6 Angels of the Lord God Brought Good News from Heaven Sinful dead men blessed In our trespass and sin Weve received the Good News News of life and peace God is calling all men Come before Him in repentance And have life in Jesus     7 If the Law condemns you And you are so frightened If helpless you are Come to Jesus come now His grace is sufficient Hell forgive your sins Christ provided atonement God gave Christ to die for sinners You have gift in Jesus     8 In the grace of Jesus I rely and boast here On this I depend I shall cling to Jesus In Him my soul is safe My trust is in Him You O Lord I seek to please In all that I say and do here By Your Word live pleasing

HYMN 337
1. From His gracious heart Christ sent us Holy Spirit did He send Into hearts of all believers Holy Spirit came to dwell They were filled with power from on High Gods Word they proclaimed with power To all those that gathered there To repent have faith in Christ  2 The Word preached by Christs Apostles This Word now is here with us All that hear the Word of Jesus They must also come to Him I must give my life to Jesus He must have all that I own here He is God and Savior Lord I shall praise Him and give thanks

HYMN 338
1. Your covenant and promises You have kept have fulfilled them You are the Faithful Lord O Christ Your Word on heart is written That I may keep the Truth O God Depart from all corruption now Your Word I seek to follow  2 Grant me the Holy Spirit Lord Grant Him to keep me righteous Grant Him to teach me to know You Know Your love and Your mercy Your Holy Word is full of Truth In this I shall worship in Truth Worship You as I ought to     3 On Sabbath day the day of rest Help me to rest from all work That I may dwell on You O God And worship You with others Your Word is like honey to me I shall feast on it with others We shall give praise and worship     4 Parents and teachers and elders All those you gave to help me May I respect and honor all That I may l live long on earth Grant that my life and all I do Reveal and testify in me That I have been obedient     5 From honest work grant me my food Prosper my work to bear fruit Protect me from dishonest life Save from corruption and greed Help me not be stingy in life But let me give so freely Gracious be to all people     6 Greed and all jealousy remove And covetousness deal with Help me not wrong my neighbor here Seek not his life and treasures Give me O Lord all that I need Make me content with what I have Be glad in grace for me Lord

HYMN 339
1. Faithful loving God Jehovah Now we thank You and adore Holy Word we have from You Lord Word You gave to save the world Help me worship You and praise You Worship You in heart and spirit Hide Your Word within my heart Grant the Word to dwell in me  2 There is no one like Christ Jesus No demands He makes to save Love so full love all excelling This He gives to us freely I now find His Word is truthful His laws are so just and righteous Truly laws of God are right We must thank God for His Word     3 There is justice in the Scriptures All the laws of God are just They are precious more than fine gold They are precious above all Gods Word is sweeter than honey It is sweeter than all things here This I testify to all Those that trust His Word are blessed     4 Covenant God has made with man We find in the Bible now All that God said are now written What He spoke is in His Word Fount of wisdom is in Scripture Fount of Life the source of Life is Like a river flowing full Word of God has come to all     5 All the bounteous blessings showered We deserve none of Your love For these we must praise and give thanks Worship and adore You Lord You did sacrifice Your own Son By His Blood you saved all mankind And the Holy Spirit gave Glory honor to Your Name

HYMN 34
1. When we see the glorious splendor, Of this earth and of its stores; We are pleased with wondrous beauty, Beauty in what God has made.  2 But this earth and all its glories, Are all nothing in God's sight Earth is but a tiny part of, All, the universe God made.     3 See the sun and all its beauty, Moon and stars He made them all, For our needs and for His glory, Therefore have delight in God.     4 But the beauty of the Lord God, Glorious is and majestic. Far exceeds all beauty in life, Beauty of this world, exceeds.     5 Heart of God the Lord creator, That is full of gracious love. O how glorious God Himself is, Beauty of His face we'll see.

HYMN 340
1. God of goodness God so faithful Merciful so kind you are You are full of grace so generous Sinners death You desire not Everlasting is Your love God Love for all pitiful sinners You are steadfast in Your ways Wonderful God You are love  2 By Your Spirit men of God spoke You spoke through prophets of old What they heard from You they spoke out They all spoke of Messiah They foretold the birth of Jesus They declared that love is of God They declared that Christ shall save us By Him sinners shall be saved     3 Pitiful poor wretched sinners You did call out from the dark You made them your children loved ones Into your Kingdom brought them Lord the Gospel is so powerful It is power of God to save It reveals Gods righteousness It reveals the need of faith     4 If the cross we bear is heavy And we faint under its weight We are comforted by Christs death We know that we shall be raised All our sin is now forgiven Jesus has dealt with sins poison This assurance in Gods Word Takes all fear away from us     5 Gods Word is the Heavnly Manna Bread the soul needs to feed on Gods Word satisfies all hunger Gods Word makes the poor so rich Gods Word heals all our diseases Gods Word deals with sting of death Gods Word is so powerful Salvation is in Gods Word     6 All our life and all our nature What we think and say and do Character and our behavior Word of God shows all our life Word of God the light for living Word of God tells of all evil Persecution and troubles Word of God shows what to do

HYMN 341
1. Precious living Truth of Jesus It has been hidden from us What men teach are Your commandments The commandments none can keep Faith is not stressed in the teachings Nor is call to trust in Christ Death of Jesus not emphasized Weve forgotten grace of God  2 Outward form of worship we give All our labor is in vain We deny the power of Jesus We gain nothing from worship All the blessings You present us What You seek for us to find Your love grace and mercy given We forget these miss them all     3 Your Word men attempt to cast out Idols they make and worship Your Word they peddle for profit Merchandise they make of it The true Gospel men have hidden Hypocrites men have become Men have knowledge philosophy But they are lost and are blind     4 Thank You Lord for amazing grace That has saved us from deceit You have saved us from corruption The pure Word now you give us Now we know that in Christ only There is salvation and life If we now believe in Jesus He shall forgive all our sins     5 What is central in Gods Gospel This is what He seeks for us Angels cannot change this message None can take out grace and faith Out of great love of the Father He revealed the Savior Christ Therefore give Him thanks and praise Him Worship God eternally     6 Gracious God have mercy on all Those deceived by false teachers Save them from deceitful teaching Lord restrain those that deceive Grant Your Word to spread to all men And remove all obstacles Lord preserve Your Word for us now For all generations bless

HYMN 342
1. Lord your Word is sweet and precious It is Lamp unto my feet There is no deceit in this Word Lord Your Word is precious Truth  2 Feed us always by Your Word Lord Take the Word not from our hearts For Your Word comforts and guides us This is what prepares for life     3 Jesus You are Word from Heaven Gods Word speaks of You as Son Help us find you in the Scriptures Savior God we give our hearts

HYMN 343
1. Lord Jesus give us Your grace Grant grace to be with us That Satan and his minions Shall not hurt overcome  2 Father of love come to us Set over us your love Come comfort us refresh us As we walk through this earth     3 God Holy Spirit we pray Your fellowship we seek That we may bear Your fruit Lord And have eternal life

HYMN 344
1. Jesus Christ to You we come We are here for You and Your Word Draw our hearts and soul to You You are everlasting Prophet Cause our hearts to dwell on You Lord Take our minds from worldly things now  2 We are blind and deaf to You Carnal knowledge we have in life Let Your Holy Spirits light Shine through all hearts and prepare us Bless Your Word to us Lord Jesus Bless us as we hear Your Word now     3 As the light comes now to us Light that gives us life and all things Open hearts and minds we pray Open ears and eyes for Your Word Jesus make us worthy children Let our worship be accepted

HYMN 345
1. To you Jesus we now come At Your Feet we have gathered Send us not away empty For we seek You not in vain  2 For Your Word Lord we have come We are here to seek Your face Lord receive us in Thy grace Bless or we shall not depart     3 Grant Your Word that we shall hear Bless our hearts and fill our lives Let Your Holy Spirit lead Lead us to You our Savior     4 Grant us all to be convinced You are God Father of love Teacher Savior Sustainer You are all in all for us     5 Jesus Christ we wait for You As Your people we have come For Your Word O Lord we wait Come and bless Your chosen ones

HYMN 346
1. We love the place O God Wherein Thine honor dwells The joy of Thine abode All earthly joy excels  2 It is the house of prayer Wherein Thy servants meet And Thou O Lord art there Thy chosen flock to greet     3 We love the sacred font For there the holy Dove To pour is ever wont His blessings from above     4 We love Thine altar Lord O what on earth so dear For there in faith adored We find Thy presence near     5 We love the Word of life The Word that tells of peace Of comfort in the strife And joys that never cease     6 We love to sing below For mercies freely givn But O we long to know The triumph song of Heavn     7 Lord Jesus give us grace On earth to love Thee more In Heavn to see Thy face And with Thy saints adore

HYMN 347
1. Savior again to Thy dear Name we raise With one accord our parting hymn of praise We stand to bless Thee ere our worship cease Then lowly kneeling wait Thy Word of peace  2 Grant us Thy peace upon our homeward way With Thee began with Thee shall end the day Guard thou the lips from sin the hearts from shame That in this house have called upon Thy Name     3 Grant us Thy peace Lord through the coming night Turn thou for us its darkness into light From harm and danger keep Thy children free For dark and light are both alike to Thee     4 Grant us Thy peace throughout our earthly life Peace to Thy Church from error and from strife Peace to our land the fruit of truth and love Peace in each heart Thy Spirit from above

HYMN 348
1. Today is a rest day for us This is the Day of the Lord On this Day we come together Worship God and hear His Word  2 For the Word of Truth weve gathered Word of God that gives us life Word by which God made this whole world In this Word we have Gods peace     3 In the Word we find Christ Jesus Son of God the Father sent He has sent Him as our Savior All must worship Christ the Son     4 Gods Word is beyond all value It is worth far more than gold In the Word is Gods own power Sin forgiven Satan flees     5 Word of God so sweet and precious I desire this more than all Take the Word as food for your soul This shall satisfy the soul     6 Gods Word is the Living water It shall quench your thirst for God All those that receive Gods Word now Ever shall be satisfied     7 Listen to the Words of Jesus That those who believe in Him Those that live and trust in Jesus Life eternal they shall have

HYMN 349
1. Hushed was the evening hymn The temple courts were dark The lamp was burning dim Before the sacred Ark When suddenly a voice divine Rang through the silence of the shrine  2 The old man meek and mild The priest of Israel slept His watch the temple child The little Levite kept And what from Elis sense was sealed The Lord to Hannahs son revealed     3 O give me Samuels ear The open ear O Lord Alive and quick to hear Each whisper of Thy Word Like him to answer at Thy call And to obey Thee first of all     4 O give me Samuels heart A lowly heart that waits Where in Thy house Thou art Or watches at Thy gates By day and night a heart that still Moves at the breathing of Thy will     5 O give me Samuels mind A sweet unmurmring faith Obedient and resigned To Thee in life and death That I may read with childlike eyes Truths that are hidden from the wise

HYMN 35
1. Behold the stars in heav'n above, Infinity they must be. They shine with brightness in the skies, None can explore them all.  2 So tiny we all here appear, So tiny before Him. The Lord is big who made all things, And who sustains the world.     3 The Lord Almighty Jehovah, Cares for the world He made! Creatures so small and tiny all, He cares for everything.     4 He sent His own beloved Son, He loved the world so much; He laid His life for us, And saved the great and small alike

HYMN 350
1. Hallelujah glorious morning Glorious day the Lord has made In it let me cease from worry Let me rather praise the Lord Let my heart be filled with joy Let me bless the Lord of Hosts  2 My soul bless the Lord this morning For His light is here with us God has dispersed all the darkness God has poured His grace on us This the day of peace and joy Let no sorrow dwell in it     3 Today God will bless His servants As the dew that falls on earth God shall lift me from my misery He will bring me to His House This is day I long to see Precious is this day to me     4 I shall cease from earthly labor All Ill leave to worship God Fellowship I seek with Jesus Offer praise and thanks to Him All must cease to praise the Lord Worship Him and praise His Name     5 How shall I appear before God What presentable clothes wear Outward clothing and its beauty Is but nothing before God Righteousness I need from You Clothe me with this pleasing dress     6 Bless the preaching of Your servants Open Lord their mouths to preach Open Lord our ears to hear You Your word help us understand Draw us closer Lord to You Come and dwell in us today

HYMN 351
1. God reveals His presence Let us now adore Him And with awe appear before Him God is in His temple All within keep silence Prostrate lie with deepest reverence Him alone God we own Him our God and Savior Praise His Name forever  2 God reveals His presence Hear the harps resounding See the crowds the Throne surrounding Holy Holy Holy Hear the hymn ascending Angels saints their voices blending Bow Thine ear to us here Hearken O Lord Jesus To our meaner praises     1 God reveals His presence Let us now adore Him And with awe appear before Him God is in His temple All within keep silence Prostrate lie with deepest reverence Him alone God we own Him our God and Savior Praise His Name forever     2 God reveals His presence Hear the harps resounding See the crowds the Throne surrounding Holy Holy Holy Hear the hymn ascending Angels saints their voices blending Bow Thine ear to us here Hearken O Lord Jesus To our meaner praises     5 O Thou fount of blessing Purify my spirit Trusting only in Thy merit Like the holy angels Who behold Thy glory May I ceaselessly adore Thee Let Thy will Ever still Rule Thy Church Terrestrial As the hosts Celestial     6 O majestic Being Were our soul and body Thee to serve at all times ready Might we like angels Who behold Thy glory In submission sing before Thee And through grace all our days In our whole demeanor Give Thee praise and honor     7 All that we have on earth Air we breathe and all life Come from You the source of all life Life eternal You are Wondrous life is in You All I have I give to You Lord May my life be in You And Your life be in me May all see You Father     8 You are above all things Let Your light shine brightly Brightly shine and help me see You Like the flowers that open At the rising of sun Showing beauty of their nature Help me Lord see Your light And reveal in meekness Radiance of Your beauty

HYMN 352
1. Lord Jesus Christ come and live with Thy servant Inspire my prayer by Thy Spirit O Lord No other blood nothing from earth shall please You None shall suffice as a plea in Thy courts You Only Jesus my Priest and my Savior Shall speak for me You alone are worthy Lord  2 Teach me to ask what will please God the Father No wisdom knowledge and strength Lord I have I trust You Jesus my Priest Advocate all Without You Lord all my prayer is in vain None but You Lord knows the best for Thy servant Only the Spirit of God knows Fathers mind     3 Grant this my prayer Lord hear all supplications Open my eyes Lord Your bounties to see Give strength and courage and hope to Your servant Deepen my faith help me Lord You to trust And may this prayer that I pour from my heart Lord Be an offering fragrant acceptable now     4 Prosper Thy servant to serve now and always Fill all my life with Thy Word Bread of Life Help me to pray Lord to you without ceasing Through all my life and in death I shall pray Prayer is the source of my strength for deliverance With Jesus Christ as my Lord who lives in me

HYMN 353
1. Keep me close Jesus my Savior Keep me with Your cords of love In your mercy draw all others Those that are so frightened here Lord without You we are nothing We shall perish and be lost here  2 Jesus Shepherd of souls of men Seek the lost sheep and redeem Lord arouse me from the deep sleep Bring me back to life from sin Help me follow You the Shepherd Follow with those that You have called     3 Enemies surround me O God They come roaring as lion Satan seeks to steal and kill me He is ready to attack Lord when he is close upon me Grant me grace to overcome him     4 Hold me in Your Arms Lord Jesus Keep me close to You my Lord Jesus save me and protect me Multiply Your grace to me Whether living or when dying I shall trust in You Lord Jesus     5 Keep me in Your great compassion Like a mother keeps her child In Your love and in Your mercy Keep me safe and be with me Bring me Lord to Home in Heavn I shall praise and glorify You

HYMN 354
1. The Father and the Son of God And God the Holy Spirit We come to You reject us not Cast us not Lord away now If You are my God and my Lord What is the earth and all above You are all I need in life

HYMN 355
1. Ask and you shall now receive Seek and you shall find Gods blessings Knock and God shall open doors For they shall receive that seek Him Friends come now to test the Lord This is promise of the Lord  2 This is what Christ Jesus gives Holy Spirit we all need You Those that seek Him are so blessed They shall have the life of Jesus Come and ask Christ for this gift Gift He promised to His Church

HYMN 356
1. Blessed day a day of rest Lord You I cherish For the life I have is Yours God You gave me life With joy in heart Here I come to You my God And Lord come to me Your child I shall be full  2 Let the Word that I shall hear Be food for my soul Make it seed Lord for my life Grant the seed to grow Hold me my Lord Bring me close by You O Christ Place reserved for me my Lord Satisfied be

HYMN 357
1. Keep us still in heart today Day of rest we seek you Jesus Let us all come Lord to You Rest with You as one family Help us to keep this day holy Bless us as we rest with You Lord  2 God desires us come to Him Hearts free from the love of money Worldly business we must shun Keep the day reserved for worship Worship of God should fill all hearts Our hearts must be temple for God     3 Sunday is a day of rest A day we all come for blessings God our Father come to bless Bless our hearts and bless our worship Grant that all the days we live here Be a Sabbath rest like this day

HYMN 358
1. Jesus Lord and Savior We are now gathered We come now to listen Listen for Your Word Open every heart O Lord Open every mind That we may have knowledge Understand Your Word  2 Where I am Jesus said There shall you be too He is gone to Heaven We shall be with Him We must trust what Jesus said With our hearts believe That Jesus shall fulfill All He said on earth     3 Jesus Christ declared now That Hell be with us To the ends of this world He will be with us Believe Christ and keep His word He is with you now By faith trust Christ Jesus Trust His faithfulness

HYMN 359
1. Give to God honor and praise Worship Him who loves us so much He has done all things so well He has blessed us in this service Bless the Lord you all His people From His Word we all have blessings  2 Service time has come to end We part to our homes to serve God Bless us Lord as we depart Let Your Holy Spirit help us Keep us in Your ways our Father Bring us Home at last to Heaven     3 Bless us as we do our work Help us Lord to please You always Watch over our lives we pray Lord protect us from all evil When we have completed all tasks Bring us with You into Heaven     4 Praise and honor glory give Bless God Father Son and Spirit God the Trinity we thank Triune God we all now worship May the Word of God be in us May Gods Word be with us always

HYMN 36
1. Ancient of Days, the Wondrous God, We are before Thy Throne. We plead for mercy, gracious Lord, Triune God, we have come.  2 Before the Universe was made, Before all seasons came, You dwelt in glorious majesty, You dwelt in love and peace.     3 Eternal God, you have no end, God you are evermore. You dwell in all and fill all life, Eternal Lord Thou art.     4 All things so wondrously you made, All things you made and blessed. Your glory and your majesty, Exceed all beauty seen.     5 Merciful, gracious, loving God, To you, O Lord I come. I come with praises in my heart, I praise and worship you.     6 Ancient of Days, the Wondrous God, We are before Thy Throne. Have mercy, look upon us Lord, Triune God, we have come.

HYMN 360
1. King of nations Christ the Lord God Reigns above all kings on earth False professors and all liars No god stands the power of Christ  2 Idol worshippers and pagans Lost and deceived men they are Sinful deceitful blind they are They have no powr they cant save     3 Yet some such have turned to Jesus In Christ theyve found a Savior In Christ they have found a new life Now proclaim the Gospel truth     4 Many now have come to Jesus And have turned from all their gods Come my friend come now to Jesus Come now Jesus waits for you

HYMN 361
1. Jesus calls you Jesus calls you Jesus calls you today Jesus calls you and speaks to you Jesus calls you today  2 Jesus loves you Jesus loves Jesus loves you today Jesus loves you and seeks for you Jesus calls you today     3 He died for you He died for you He died for you Jesus He died for you and He saves you Jesus calls you today     4 Listen to Him listen to Him Listen to Him today Listen to Him and obey Him Jesus calls you today     5 Jesus calls you Jesus calls you Jesus calls you today Jesus calls you answer Him now Jesus calls you today     6 Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Amen Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah praise God

HYMN 362
1. The heathen are now seeking Christ Many have come more to follow Servants of Christ seek for the lost Bring them to Christ to save them all  2 Go labor seek the blind and lost Seek them with love and compassion Lay down your life for all the lost Christ Jesus laid His life for you

HYMN 363
1. Seek the Lord seek the Lord Seek the Lord your Savior now Weak and frail and poor we all are Humbly seek the Lord sinners Come repentant look to Jesus Look to Him have faith in Christ the Lord Faith in Christ faith in Christ Believe on Jesus the Christ  2 Give Him thanks give Him thanks Give thanks to your Savior Lord He has paid for you the wages Your sin is forgiven now And you have in Him all blessings See how much the Lord has shown you love Praise the Lord praise the Lord Always praise the Savior Christ     1 Seek the Lord seek the Lord Seek the Lord your Savior now Weak and frail and poor we all are Humbly seek the Lord sinners Come repentant look to Jesus Look to Him have faith in Christ the Lord Faith in Christ faith in Christ Believe on Jesus the Christ     2 Give Him thanks give Him thanks Give thanks to your Savior Lord He has paid for you the wages Your sin is forgiven now And you have in Him all blessings See how much the Lord has shown you love Praise the Lord praise the Lord Always praise the Savior Christ     5 Live in Christ in Him live Seek His way and walk in it Seek grace for sanctification Forget not the Lord your God Seek from Him strength for the mission Seek the Holy Spirits presence more Always seek always seek Seek to walk in ways of God     6 Fight the foe fight the foe Stand firm friend against the foe Forsake evil forsake this flesh Forsake lustful flesh and pride Seek the joyful things of Heaven The Lord shall give you great victory Conqueror be conqueror be Great honor you soon shall have

HYMN 364
1. Come listen to Good News of Jesus God so much loves the world He made He loves mankind that hates the Maker He seeks redemption not our death He loves us all before we knew Him Our Father God is Love and He loves us  2 In this love God seeks all His children His people captured by Satan God was so moved by love He acted He sent His only Son Jesus That He may save us from the devil The sacrifice for sin is Jesus Christ     3 Christ comes to seek the lost and wanderers He loves us all and seeks to save Our sin and death Christ Jesus suffered God placed them all on His own Son Jesus was crucified for sinners His death brought life to all believers here     4 The Good News must spread to all nations All people shall hear of Gods love Those that believe in Gods Son Jesus Eternal life theyll have in Him They shall from God receive forgiveness Eternal life they all shall have from God     5 Our Heavenly Father pour upon us The blessings You have stored for us Help us to seek You and to trust You Have freedom and have peace in Christ We thank You Lord the God who loves us Eternal is Your love for humankind

HYMN 365
1. Today the Savior calls Ye wandrers come O ye benighted souls Why longer roam  2 Today the Savior calls O listen now Within these sacred walls To Jesus bow     3 Today the Savior calls For refuge fly The storm of justice falls And death is nigh     4 The Spirit calls today Yield to His power O grieve Him not away Tis mercys hour

HYMN 366
1. Go therefore make disciples of all nations and baptize This is the Lords command to all His people that serve Him Hear what He says Make disciples of nations Seek to proclaim Him to others  2 Lord take our hearts and minds prepare us for this great mission That we may go to serve You Lord wherever You send us Faithful make us Send us out to proclaim You True witnesses make us Jesus     3 All power above and on earth is now given to Jesus You are Lord over all things on earth and in the heavens We pray You Lord God that keeps every promise Bring all mankind to Your Kingdom

HYMN 367
1. Forsake all forsake all Sinner forsake all your ways This is word from God Almighty Now repent and turn from sin Lest iniquity ruin you now God is gracious and is merciful Forsake all forsake all Sinner repent and believe  2 Repent now repent now Sinner confess all your sin Sin has made a separation Cast you far from God the Lord But God loves you and seeks for you He has no pleasure in sinners death Turn to Him and have life Turn to God have life in Him     3 You are lost from the Lord You are on the path to death Vanities you seek here on earth There is no life in your soul You shall perish without Jesus There is none to save but Christ Jesus Come to Him come to Him He shall give rest to your soul     4 Savior God Savior God You have come to save the lost You were moved by love to rescue You have come to us in love Grant us grace to part with evil Forsake Satan and his evil ways And come now and come now Come to God for life and peace

HYMN 368
1. Come all people come today Come and listen to Gods Word Come believe in Jesus Christ Christ is preached for all to hear  2 Jesus is a loving Friend Grace and love abound in Him He takes curse for sin away He gives everlasting peace     3 The deceiver drive away Come destroy his purposes Make a public show of him Make us all Your children Lord

HYMN 369
1. People that dwell in the darkness Listen for the Light has come God the Savior is here for you Turn to Him now and be saved This good news is preached today Turn to Jesus Christ for life  2 Many grope in darkness searching With a darkened mind they search They are lost and are in danger They are helpless none can save Through the grace of Christ the Lord There is hope for all the lost     3 Jesus knows all our trespasses He knows how weak we all are Nothing can deliver sinners No one has strength to save us Therefore God sent His own Son Salvation we have in Him     4 Jesus is the Savior given He is Son of God most High He was born as flesh like humans Among sinners He did dwell Salvation we have in Him By His death He saved us all     5 By His death He reconciled us Gods demands He satisfied Death shall not frighten Gods people We have passed from death to life We have faith in Christ our Lord Life eternal He gives us     6 If you trust in Christ the Savior And you follow Jesus Christ God shall multiply His blessings He shall give you all in Him Have faith in Christ Jesus now And give thanks to Jesus Christ

HYMN 37
1. Our faith is in the Lord our God, Creator, God of earth and heav'n. He is our Father, God in heav'n, We are His children now by grace. The God who saves us from all sin, And sanctifies our soul and being, He is the Lord in all for all.  2 Our faith is in Christ, Son of God, In Jesus Christ, we all believe. He is with God the Lord of Host, And always with the Mighty God! He was conceived by Holy Ghost, Born of the Virgin Mary blessed, Flesh He became, like humankind.     3 He suffered much here on this earth, Was crucified and died at last. Jesus was buried in a tomb, His soul descended into hell. But on the third day He arose, And He ascended into heav'n, From there, He shall come back again.     4 In God the Holy Spirit, Lord, We all believe and confess now. He is the God the Comforter, In Him, we have all gifts from God. The Holy Cath'lic Church we are, Forgiven, we shall rise again, Eternal life we all shall have.

HYMN 370
1. Approach my soul the mercy seat Where Jesus answers prayer There humbly fall before His feet For none can perish there  2 Thy promise is my only plea With this I venture nigh Thou callest burdened souls to Thee And such O Lord am I     3 Bowed down beneath a load of sin By Satan sorely pressed By war without and fears within I come to Thee for rest     4 Be Thou my Shield and hiding Place That sheltered by Thy side I may my fierce accuser face And tell him Thou hast died     5 O wondrous love to bleed and die To bear the cross and shame That guilty sinners such as I Might plead Thy gracious Name     6 Poor tempesttossd soul be still My promised grace receive Tis Jesus speaks I must I will I can I do believe

HYMN 371
1. Jesus Thy farextended fame My drooping soul exults to hear Thy name Thy allrestoring name Is music in a sinners ear  2 Sinners of old Thou didst receive With comfortable words and kind Their sorrows cheer their wants relieve Heal the diseased and cure the blind     3 And art Thou not the Saviour still In every place and age the same Hast Thou forgot Thy gracious skill Or lost the virtue of Thy name     4 Faith in Thy changeless name I have The good the kind physician Thou Art able now our souls to save Art willing to restore them now     5 Wouldst Thou the bodys health restore And not regard the sinsick soul The soul Thou lovest yet the more And surely Thou shalt make it whole     6 My souls disease my every sin To Thee O Jesus I confess In pardon Lord my cure begin And perfect it in holiness

HYMN 372
1. Come all sinners come to Jesus Quickly come to Christ the Lord Jesus waits to save all sinners Full of mercy and all grace He is able come to Jesus Doubt Him not Hell save you now  2 Thirsty brethren come to Jesus Drink deep from the well of grace Come repentant come unworthy Such are those that come to Christ You cant buy the life He gives you Life in fullness have in Him     3 Be not weighed down by your past sins But seek now the goodly life Then repent of all your past sins Christ receive life have in Him Life eternal He will give you Holy Spirit fruit Hell give     4 Jesus Christ is now in Heaven High Priest advocate for us Pleading for us with His shed Blood That forgiveness we may have When we turn from sin to Jesus There is much joy then in Heavn

HYMN 373
1. I stand a sinner poor wretched being I stand before Almighty God I plead with You have mercy O God Have pity on a wretch like me Be merciful have mercy Lord Be merciful to me O Lord  2 I weep and grieve with sorrowful heart My sin is great and grievous Lord My only plea is pardon from you Have mercy on me I am lost Be merciful have mercy Lord Be merciful to me O Lord     3 Lord hear me in distress I now call I call to You the God of Love I plead with You forgiveness I seek Come heal my heart so full of sin Be merciful have mercy Lord Be merciful to me O Lord     4 Lord do not cast me from You I pray Lord in Your mercy hear my cry Turn not a deaf ear to me O Lord Will You forsake and turn from me Be merciful have mercy Lord Be merciful to me O Lord     5 I know my sin is much and heavy There is no cure I have for sin To You I come entreating mercy Heal me dear Lord else Ill not go Be merciful have mercy Lord Be merciful to me O Lord     6 I am assured the plea You have heard I am forgiven by Your grace I now have peace from You in my heart Therefore Ill shout for all to hear Merciful God who is the Lord In Him I have received mercy

HYMN 374
1. Behold the Savior of the world Jesus reconciled us to God He has given life in His Blood Christ rescued us from sin and death  2 Christ is Jehovahs only Son He gave Him to the world as Gift And all those who have faith in Him Eternal life in Him they shall have     3 All those who are burdened in their sin In Christ they have forgiveness now For you and others Christ suffered Christ died on the Cross for all mankind     4 Christ shall not forsake anyone He shall hear all those that would call All those that seek Him and believe In Gods Kingdom they shall all be found     5 The Lord Jesus calls and calls you now He calls to give you eternal life Come hurriedly come to the Lord He shall give you eternal peace

HYMN 375
1. Come unto me Christ Jesus said All ye that labor burdened much Burdened with this life of sin Come one come all come great and small Come men and women of this life Come now and have your rest in me  2 Take upon you my yoke Christ said And learn of me for I am meek Meek and lowly learn of me Easy the yoke the burden light Ill give eternal rest and life To those that take my yoke now     3 What you have learned of me on earth What you have witnessed of my life Do for others here on earth Youve seen the love of God in me Love others with this love of God And serve the Lord faithfully     4 Death is so painful for the lost For those that have no faith in God For all that labor vainly They all live to please their nature Poor wretched sinful souls they are They live for this world only     5 Vengeance for others seek you not Dwell not on pleasures of this life Seek not the things of this world Vengeance is mine the Lord God said Leave all to Him praise Him always Your vindication shall come     6 The cross you bear is light indeed Nothing compared with Christs own Cross The Cross He bore to save us The Cross on which the Lord suffered Much suffered pain in His own soul Eternally Christ suffered     7 All promises of God shall stand His Word is Yes and Amen now By His own Name He swore thus His promises Hell now fulfill Hell raise us up with Christ at last We shall be always with Him

HYMN 376
1. Sinners Jesus Christ receives This is wonderful and great news Share this news with sinful men All the lost must hear this good news Point them to the Savior Jesus welcomes sinful men  2 None deserves the grace of God But Christ Jesus seeks to save us He has promised in His Word That the gate of life shall open He desires to bless our hearts Jesus welcomes sinful men     3 When the sheep has gone astray The good shepherd seeks to rescue Jesus Christ such Shepherd is Always seeking for the lost ones Safety of the sheep He seeks Jesus welcomes sinful men     4 Come quickly come to the Lord Burdened sinners all that grieve here Jesus calls you one and all He will make you Gods own children Come believing in the Lord Jesus welcomes sinful men     5 Frightened by my life I come I have come confessing all sin Savior Lord Jesus my friend In your gracious mercy forgive Come refresh me by this news Jesus welcomes sinful men     6 Sinners Jesus Christ receives I am His with joy He saved me He has opened Heavn for me His Rest I have right to enter In this good news Ill depart Jesus welcomes sinful men

HYMN 377
1. Jesus You are the same always And all Your promises are sure Set up Your kingdom in my heart And make me rich for I am poor Grant me inherit treasures great And make me share the Kingdom life  2 You hast pronounced the mourners blest And lo for You I ever mourn I cannot know I shall not rest Till You my only rest return Till You the Prince of Peace appear And I receive the Comforter     3 Where is the blessedness bestowed On all that hunger after You I hunger now I thirst for God See the poor fainting sinner see And satisfy with endless peace And fill me with Your righteousness     4 Lord if You feel my shame and pain Then hear my prayer and come to save Your Spirits presence make me feel My troubled soul respond to You Lord I desire with all my heart That with You I be one at last     5 Shine on Your work disperse the gloom Light in Your light I then shall see Say to my soul Your light is come Glory divine is risen on you Your warfares past your mournings oer Look up for you shalt weep nomore

HYMN 378
1. God is all Love Let us adore His Name His Love is great and full Flesh blood we are Full of all sin we are Corrupted we all are Son of God we have now as Savior He died for us for sin He suffered Gods love is great  2 God loves us still So we must seek Him now Seek for His love and peace All creatures here Must hear the call of Christ The Gospel news must hear Trust in Christ Jesus as your savior And fellowship with Jesus Christ now Have life in Him     1 God is all Love Let us adore His Name His Love is great and full Flesh blood we are Full of all sin we are Corrupted we all are Son of God we have now as Savior He died for us for sin He suffered Gods love is great     2 God loves us still So we must seek Him now Seek for His love and peace All creatures here Must hear the call of Christ The Gospel news must hear Trust in Christ Jesus as your savior And fellowship with Jesus Christ now Have life in Him     5 All who that hear The gracious call of Christ No condemnation dread Theyve passed from death Are free from Satans power Free from the fire of hell Eternal life they have from Jesus Eternal joy they share with Jesus Peace evermore     6 Dear Jesus Christ Great love Youve shown to me Unworthy as I am My gracious Lord Grant me to understand What painful death You died Grant me to know how much You suffered That I might know You died to save me Know this always

HYMN 379
1. Love eternal love excelling Love that seeks to bless me now Love so deep no one can fathom Hide me in this love always Love that looks upon poor me Come the darkness drive away Clear the darkness from these eyes Lord That the light of God I see then  2 You Ill worship Love eternal Love so deep You poured for me In Your mercy gracious favor You did plan all this for us To redeem this world from sin From the curse our sin has brought Nothing but the death of Jesus Nothing could atone for our sins     3 God so full of grace and mercy You are full of love and peace Wondrous work for such poor sinners Wondrous grace has saved us all Love that gave His only Son Son Begotten Fathers Son Son whose death has saved us sinners Everlasting life we all have     4 Write my name O Lord in Heaven In your Book write down my name Then Ill fear not death nor evil Fear of death that dreadful fear None shall separate us from Christ Nothing present nor to come Principalities or angels None can take Gods love from us then

HYMN 38
1. In God the Father I delight, He is the Lord of earth and heav'n, He is my all and all here. My gracious Father who provides, All that I need here in this life, He is my light in darkness. When in trouble, when in distress, I have no joy, none can help me, Love of God is comfort for me.  2 In God the Son is my delight, In Jesus Christ my Lord and God, The Way, the Truth, the Life is. He heals the disease of my soul, In Him I have become so rich, He makes me safe in danger. In Him, I have, great salvation, From all my sin; He is Savior. Only Savior of mankind is.     1 In God the Father I delight, He is the Lord of earth and heav'n, He is my all and all here. My gracious Father who provides, All that I need here in this life, He is my light in darkness. When in trouble, when in distress, I have no joy, none can help me, Love of God is comfort for me.     2 In God the Son is my delight, In Jesus Christ my Lord and God, The Way, the Truth, the Life is. He heals the disease of my soul, In Him I have become so rich, He makes me safe in danger. In Him, I have, great salvation, From all my sin; He is Savior. Only Savior of mankind is.     5 In God the Spirit, I delight, He is the Holy Spirit Lord, The One was sent by Jesus. He is the One that teaches Truth, He is the Comforter for us, He is our source of all strength. Knowledge, wisdom and discernment, With truth and all righteousness here, Gracious Holy Spirit, gives us.

HYMN 380
1. Jesus pleads for those He died for Sinners redeemed by His death Come then friends embrace the Savior Come embrace the Savior King What great peace we shall all have Peace in Heaven with Jesus  2 Mansions Jesus is preparing Ready He will be for us Then prepare to be with Jesus Prepare now for life in Heavn There we shall find Jesus Christ And be with Him where He is     3 Jesus is the truth life and way Jesus is the way to Heaven All our lives belong to Jesus He made body soul and mind Let the whole world come to Him Come and listen to His Word

HYMN 381
1. What wonderful and blessed truths We find in Gods Holy Scriptures Treasures of faith so rich and full The faithful ones find in Gods Word  2 The faith we have in Gods own Word A faith so strong none can destroy Faith strong to overcome the foe Great faith we need in prayer to God     3 Such faith is strong to raise the dead Disease to heal and demons cast True faith a gift from God we have Confounding faith we have in Him     4 This faith is strong and does great things Most precious is such faith in Christ The faith in Christ a saving faith By this we have eternal life     5 By faith we have life of the Lord Death now is vanquished evermore Christ is our victory over death We shall reign with Him now in Heavn     6 Lord Jesus I believe in You You are my Rock Defender Lord Grant me Your life O Lord I pray My faith deepen in You O Lord

HYMN 382
1. Jesus hear my humble plea A sinful being I am Made of clay unworthy being A worm I am O Lord But to such Youll give an ear Canaans roots a child of Adam Mercy have on me dear Lord Thou art of Davids line  2 Israels chosen ones You came You lived among them here But You came to save this world Peace upon earth to bring Grant me too Your own to be Wretched sinful one unworthy Mercy have on me dear Lord Thou art of Davids line     3 Nothing now can separate us You will not give me up Mercy from You I have now You are of Davids line I was born in sinful life Wretched I am save me O Lord Gracious merciful to be Christ Jesus Prince of Peace     4 Sinful though I am I come There is no right of claim Dogs must not eat childrens bread The food prepared for them But the dogs can have the crumbs Crumbs of food left from the table Crumbs may I taste of the food The food You came to give

HYMN 383
1. I shall praise You all times O Lord Jesus Savior Son of God You have poured Your love for me You have saved me from sin and death All sins committed You have forgiven Savior I shall praise Your Name BecauseYou have loved me much My soul Lord You have saved from death  2 Those that trespass me in this life I shall Lord forgive them always For my sin you took away By your Blood You have died for me All sins committed You have forgiven Savior I shall praise Your Name Because You have loved me much My soul Lord You have saved from death

HYMN 384
1. Faithless ones come back to Jesus Come return to God the Lord Come repentant come confessing Come with grief pleading with God Come just as you are to the Lord Come and bow before Jesus Christ Faithless one return the Lord says The Lord Himself calls you come Hell receive you He will welcome Come now come quickly to Christ  2 Leave the pleasures of this wild world Come and follow Christ the Lord All fears in life Christ shall deal with Peace you shall receive from Him Peace the world cannot give youll have You shall have His Spirits fullness Spirit of the Lord shall seal you Bear witness you are Gods child You shall follow Christ the Savior In His Rest you shall enter     3 All backsliders Jesus seeks you Come return to Him in haste Christ has died for you a sinner Precious Blood He shed for you He will forgive sins committed He shall save you from all evil Son of God is Lord and Savior Creator of life He is Always worship Christ the Savior From Him receive all blessings     4 God is calling all His people Only few have come to Him He shall gather from the nations All His chosen ones shall come Come receive His blessings come now Come all chosen ones come quickly Come one come all come to Jesus From the nations all must come From the life of one man Jesus Host of people God has called     5 Children of the Lord shall have peace They shall be so blessed in God They shall be so safe in Jesus Blessings much now waits for them They shall dwell in Him securely God shall provide all that they need They shall have joy everlasting They shall lack no good thing there Satisfied the Saints shall be there They shall see Christs glory soon

HYMN 385
1. Come to the Savior hasten to Him His Word is truth that is the way Christ stands amongst us ready to save He calls us all to come Chorus In Him we shall have eternal joy We are cleansed from sin without a stain We shall be with the Lord evermore Joy we shall have in Heavn  2 Come to me children Christ Jesus calls All hearts and souls come now to Him Receive the Lord and make Him your own Come hurry children come Chorus     1 Come to the Savior hasten to Him His Word is truth that is the way Christ stands amongst us ready to save He calls us all to come Chorus In Him we shall have eternal joy We are cleansed from sin without a stain We shall be with the Lord evermore Joy we shall have in Heavn     2 Come to me children Christ Jesus calls All hearts and souls come now to Him Receive the Lord and make Him your own Come hurry children come Chorus     5 God is here with you remember this He hears our prayer seek Him right now His sweet voice calls you graciously calls All who are His come now Chorus

HYMN 386
1. The Lord is so kind I am so sinful There is no righteousness in all my life Jesus is my righteousness My all and in all Have mercy O Lord God Have mercy on me You O Lord Ill praise  2 Cast out sorrows now Replace that with peace The peace from You Lord is so dear for my soul Cast out all my sin dear Lord Curse take all away Save grant eternal life Lord of all mercy Eternal life give     3 Curse not O my Lord In sin I am cursed Have mercy dear Lord and forgive all my sin Your precious Blood speaks for me In this I am cleansed You paid all my wages Freedom I have now Belongs to You Lord     4 Help me remember The pains You did bear Help me remember Your sweet gracious love Mercy undeserved I have Mercy all I have Your Name I will glorify Ill praise You O Lord Ill praise You always

HYMN 387
1. My transgressions are so awful Great evil I have done Is there a savior to rescue I cannot find life here  2 If I shall flee from You O Lord And go to ends of earth I cannot hide from You O Lord No profit I shall gain     3 To you O Lord I cry for help Blot all my sins away Your judgments are so righteous Lord Forgive me now I pray     4 Fill me with joy and gladness now Let broken bones rejoice Hide Thy face from my sins O Lord Iniquities forgive     5 New heart create in me O Lord Right Spirit place within Hold me with willing Spirit Lord Obedient I shall be     6 The sacrifice acceptable This Lord I seek to bring A broken contrite heart I give Despise this not O Lord

HYMN 388
1. Holy One Holy One the Holy Ghost In Christs Name we pray to You now  2 We are here we are here as Your children In Christs Name we pray to You now     3 We have sinned we have sinned before You Lord In Christs Name we pray to You now     4 We now read we now read Your Holy Word In Christs Name we pray to You now

HYMN 389
1. Make me O Lord as You desire Shape all my life and my death Your love O Lord I seek to have Leave me not in sins valley In danger here grant me comfort Thy grace sufficient for my needs Help me to please You always  2 The Good News make so sweet for me Make me a faithful servant What pleases You help me to seek Grant me to shame the devil Help me obey Your commandments Help me to live as You expect Live as is pleasing to You     3 When You will come for me in death And take me Home to Heaven Grant me to come with joy and praise And be with You in Heaven My soul and body Ill commit Into Your hands I shall leave all Have me now and forever

HYMN 39
1. Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty! Early in the morning our song shall rise [to Thee; Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty! God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!  2 Holy, Holy, Holy! all the saints adore Thee, Casting down their golden crowns around the glassy sea; Cherubim and Seraphim falling down before Thee, Which wert, and art, and evermore shalt be.     3 Holy, Holy, Holy! though the darkness hide Thee, Though the eye of sinful man Thy glory may not see: Only Thou art Holy, there is none beside Thee, Perfect in power, in love, and purity.     4 Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty! All Thy works shall praise thy name in earth and sky and sea; Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty! God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

HYMN 390
1. Christ Jesus Lamb of God the Lord Redeemer Savior Lord My sin so great so filthy vile Your grace abounds for sin  2 Prostrate I lay before You Lord In dust and ashes lay I come with tears and heavy heart Deliver me from sin     3 Lord put to death the lust of sin My heart set free dear Lord Draw me with cords of love from You That with You I might stay     4 Hold me dear Lord sustain my life Help me to stand for You Grant me to please You in this life Do all to please You Lord     5 Dwell in my heart Lord Jesus Christ Be Lord of all my life Let all my heart and mind and soul Be Yours forever more

HYMN 391
1. I am but a sinner This is true indeed But my gracious Savior Jesus loves me much He will not forsake me and abandon me See how much He loves me He is merciful  2 Merciful Lord Jesus Sinful beings we are We are guilty sinners But You love us all I deserve none other but condemnation But You shouted Lord and said It is finished     3 You forgave my sin Lord All that caused me shame I am so unworthy Therefore thankful am Jesus will not leave me nor forsake His own He shall bring me safely Home with Him in Heavn     4 Jesus You have blessed me I am filled with love Life eternal promised To Your dear loved ones Lord I have great joy now and great peace within I believe you Lord Im saved eternally

HYMN 392
1. Lord Jesus Christ the merciful Full of compassion Thou art Look to me Lord Thy wretched child In sin O Lord Im in death The sting of death my sin I know My sin that plagues body and soul I find myself in misery  2 Have mercy on me Jesus Christ The load of sin I cant bear Lord you have carried sin away The sin You bore at Calvary Dear Lord set me free from all sin Thy freedom grant O Lord to me Save me from death eternal     3 Thy precious Word refreshes me Sweeter than honey it is Thy Word gives life and peace so sweet Peace that I need to live here Thy Word that makes us peacemakers To bring together Thy children To you we all shall come Lord     4 Lord I am sorry for my sin My wretched sin against Thee My sin that grieves me in the soul I plead forgiveness from Thee Cleanse me Lord Jesus in Thy Blood Cleanse me from every sin O Lord And make me righteous O Lord     5 Come Holy Spirit dwell in me Fill Thou my heart strengthen me Lord heal my soul in every part Heal me with Thy stripes Jesus The death you suffered on the Cross The death that takes away my sin For this I praise you dear Lord

HYMN 393
1. Have mercy on me O Lord Against Thee I have sinned Lord Great evil I have done My sin is sore so grievous I cannot bear the load Lord Save me dear Lord my Savior Christ  2 The secret sins committed All are before You always You are all seeing God I come to You confessing My sin my life of evil Forgive me Lord I pray to You     3 You shed your Blood for sinners You gave Your life for me Lord For sin You suffered Lord Grant me to have this blessing The Blessing from Your death Lord Grant me eternal life in You     4 You are my refuge Jesus No other hiding place have Protect me save me Lord Ill hold You closely by me In this life and in Heaven My Lord and God this Jesus Christ

HYMN 394
1. Gracious merciful the Father The God who is so full of mercy Our Holy God the God of Truth I am such an awful sinner Alarming is the sin committed I shudder at the sin in me Have pity on me Lord I have despised You Lord glory hated Your patience and your love ignored In scornful life I shunned You Lord  2 Lord forgive your sinful child now Forgive me Lord I plead Your mercy For who can stand Your wrath O Lord You O Lord are full of true love You seek not death of me a sinner Longsuffering merciful You are I come repentant Lord I cry to you my God Lord have mercy Grant me to sit at table Lord And I may enter Gods rest now     3 I am filthy in my sin Lord Come cleanse me in Your Blood Lord Jesus Your Blood alone can make me clean You are source of life eternal Give me life peace strength and Your Spirit For without You Im lost and dead I cry to you my Lord With glory cover me God my Savior Hear me O Lord and heal me Lord New birth give me in Jesus Christ     4 Be with me Lord as I travel Be with me in all of my wanderings Be with me as I sleep and wake Whether living or in dying Be gracious Lord to me your servant Give honor to Thy servant Lord All that I seek on earth And seek in Heaven too is Your Glory With all my heart Ill praise You Lord Jesus you are the fount of grace

HYMN 395
1. Jesus Christ the Son of God With my heart I love You dearly When I humbly come to You All my sin youll cleanse forgive me My sin You have now forgiven Great peace I now have in Jesus  2 Jesus Christ the Son of God I come humbly meekly kneeling I have sinned against You Lord Repentant I come before You Lord forgive me all my sin now And make me a new creation

HYMN 396
1. I want a principle within Of jealous godly fear A sensibility of sin A pain to feel it near  2 I want the first approach to feel Of pride or wrong desire To catch the wandering of my will And quench the kindling fire     3 From Thee that I no more may stray No more Thy goodness grieve Grant me the filial awe I pray The tender conscience give     4 Quick as the apple of an eye O God my conscience make Awake my soul when sin is nigh And keep it still awake     5 Almighty God of truth and love To me Thy power impart The mountain from my soul remove The hardness from my heart     6 O may the least omission pain My well instructed soul And drive me to that Blood again Which makes the wounded whole

HYMN 397
1. From my transgressions I shall turn And come to Thee O Lord my God Lord show me Thy ways inward truth Lord teach me wisdom in my heart Put Lord Thy Spirit in my heart And cleanse me from all evil ways Forgive me Lord for all my sin  2 In vain I try to flee from Thee There is no hiding place for me I am not hid from Thee O Lord Thou art the Lord Omnipresent No one can run away from Thee You are all seeing God of love I groan in sin O help me Lord     3 Refuge I seek in Jesus Christ Grace in Thy sufferings Lord I seek Restore my life and give me joy Even in death bless me O Lord Thou Lamb of God the Savior art Forgiveness we all have in Thee Our sin You bore on Calvarys Cross     4 Lord I resolve to live for Thee Despise the world and vanities Hate shame rejection suffer now Nothing can turn me back from You Lord grant me strength that I might bear And fight the good fight all my life Be faithful unto death for Thee

HYMN 398
1. I have an evil heart I am a sinful being How can I come approach You Lord Come with this load of sin  2 But Lord you have called me Just as I am Youve called That You might take my burden great And bear it all for me     3 Therefore Lord I have come Have mercy and forgive By Your great mercy and Your love I am alive in You

HYMN 399
1. I am chief the worse of sinners Now I seek light in the dark Come Lord Jesus come and show me Come and show Your glorious light Lord I come grant me to see You Do not hide Your face from me  2 Lord I know that all my troubles Stem from sin and mischief done All transgressions now I confess Davids Son have mercy Lord Lord life giver grant me life now New life give and grant me joy     3 In distress I cry with pleadings Seek You Lord Jesus the Christ Great fear I have with much trembling Come to me dear Jesus Christ Come to me I seek You dear Lord Jesus hear my heartfelt prayer     4 Give me strength and wisdom courage Help me in Your Light to walk Pour Your Spirit fill my heart Lord Give me love for You and all Bless me with Your peace eternal You are mine and I am Yours     5 Grant me boldness measured for me As I need to serve you here Fill me with Thy life dear Jesus Life of Jesus live in me That all may know Christ is in me Precious life from You I have     6 Lord I long to see You one day See You face to face I yearn Be with You Lord in the Heavens Without pain tears and sorrows Draw me close to You dear Jesus Bring me to Your Heavnly Home

HYMN 4
1. If God would give me thousand tongues now, And thousand, thousands more than that; I shall use all to praise Him always, To glorify His Holy Name, And shall extol Him with my heart And glorify His Holy Name.  2 I shall proclaim His glorious splendors, And share with all, His wondrous works. His fame shall spread in earth and heaven, His righteousness to manifest; My heart and soul shall sing His praise. To magnify His Name abroad.     3 The forest trees with plants of all kinds, Come forth and praise the Lord your God. You grass and flowers of the fields here, So beautiful the Lord made you; Come forth display His glorious power, Come join the joyful praise of God.     4 Let all His works join in this worship, Revealing all His glorious works, And tell His splendor and His beauty, The splendor of His Majesty, Lift up your voice His creatures all, Speak of the Glory of the Lord.     5 We must give praise and thanks to our God, To God the Father of us all; From whom we have our bodies and minds, From whom we have the soul and all. The Lord who made and placed us here, That we may bear much fruit for Him!     6 In all my life, you Lord have blessed me, I testify of your great love. In all my troubles and distresses, You Lord my God have been with me. In storms so fearful and so great, I have received your comfort, Lord.

HYMN 40
1. Glory be to God the Father, Glory be to God the Son, Glory be to God the Spirit, Great Jehovah, Three in One! Glory, glory, glory, glory, While eternal ages run!  2 Glory be to Him Who loved us, Washed us from each spot and stain! Glory be to Him Who bought us, Made us kings with Him to reign! Glory, glory, glory, glory, To the Lamb that once was slain!     3 Glory to the King of angels, Glory to the church's King, Glory to the King of nations! Heav'n and earth, your praises bring; Glory, glory, glory, glory, To the King of glory bring!     4 Glory, blessing, praise eternal! Thus the choir of angels sings; â€œHonor, riches, power, dominion!â€ Thus its praise creation brings; Glory, glory, glory, glory, Glory to the King of kings!

HYMN 400
1. My life is but a worm on earth It wriggles struggles here My sins have weighed me down O Lord Distressed I am in life  2 There is great evil in my heart Unyielding heart I have Break Lord this heart of stone in me And come and dwell within     3 Drive out this evil life of sin Cleanse Lord my heart and mind Cast out all doubt and fear in me In You O Lord I trust     4 Come Holy Spirit quickly come Shine Gods Light in our lives The darkness drive away from us Make us light of the world

HYMN 401
1. Repent and turn away from sin Jesus the Lord has said The Kingdom of the Lord is here Gods Kingdom is so near  2 Sin is forgiven by the Lord The sin we committed The Lamb of God is with us now He takes away our sin     3 God gave His only Son for us He gave Him for mankind To save us all from sin and death New life we have in Him     4 Eternal life we have in Christ Freely He gives this life The love of God is manifest God loved the world so much     5 Let us return now to our God Let us come back to Him Come to the Lord and Father God Come to the Son of God     6 Create in me a new heart now Lord hear my humble cry Restore me as your child again Clothe me with honor now     7 Jesus You are the Lamb of God You took away my sin Grant me to stay by You O Lord And give me lasting peace

HYMN 402
1. Dear Father glorify Thy child Help me to honor You Lord With great compassion come to me Cleanse me from every sin Lord Wash me O Lord take sin away And all transgressions take away Purge me then I shall be clean  2 My sin is ever before me I know all my transgressions I cannot rid myself of sin They are before me always Against You Lord You only Lord Ive sinned and done what is so wrong Lord You are righteous always     3 You seek for inward truth from us Grant wisdom for discernment I come to You cleanse me O Lord With hyssop purge me from sin Wash me and make me pure within Let all my inward life be pure Fill me with joy and gladness     4 Cast me not from Thy presence Lord Take not from me Thy Spirit Restore to me Thy joy dear Lord Grant me afresh salvation Uphold me with a willing mind Then I shall teach all that transgress And sinners shall return Home     5 The sacrifice acceptable Is broken contrite spirit A contrite heart O Lord my God You shall despise not reject Do good to Zion with pleasure Jerusalems broken walls build Then sacrifices bring to me

HYMN 403
1. A precious act of God to bless me Revived my spirit gave new life Desire I have for life eternal Desire so sweet I have from God Nothing could meet the souls desires What can secure eternal peace  2 Righteous the Lord but I so sinful My sin has led me far from God There is no hope for me a sinner There is no peace of life for me Hope is in You the Lord Jehovah Grant me to come to You O Lord     3 Lord You have brought me to the Savior The Son of God has rescued me My faith is rooted in Him only I am now one with Jesus Christ In this I am a child of God And God is Father for us all     4 I have no pleasure in earths treasures The treasures that are transient here If I have all this world can offer What shall this be for me in death You are my treasure and desire You are my blessing and my joy     5 Then I shall dwell with Jesus always In Christ the Priceless Treasure dwell Strengthen O Lord Your servant always Strengthen O Lord when death shall come Grant me to hear You say to me Enter the joy of life of God

HYMN 404
1. My hope is in Jesus my Lord In Him alone I trust now You are my Savior Jesus Christ I have none but You O Lord No man has saved himself from sin No angel can redeem from death You are my Lord and God and King In You alone In You alone I trust always  2 My sin is weighty and so large This grieves my soul indeed Lord I plead forgiveness from You Lord Take all my sin away now Accept me as I am dear Lord You bore my sin and died for me You paid the wages for my sin And now Im free Your promise holds Im free from sin     1 My hope is in Jesus my Lord In Him alone I trust now You are my Savior Jesus Christ I have none but You O Lord No man has saved himself from sin No angel can redeem from death You are my Lord and God and King In You alone In You alone I trust always     2 My sin is weighty and so large This grieves my soul indeed Lord I plead forgiveness from You Lord Take all my sin away now Accept me as I am dear Lord You bore my sin and died for me You paid the wages for my sin And now Im free Your promise holds Im free from sin     5 Increase in me the gift of faith Deepen my faith in You O Lord That I might claim Your blessings Lord Always be blessed in You Lord Help me to love You dearly Lord And love and care for others here Lord be with me when death shall come Be with me Lord Be with me as I go through death     6 Lift High the God of Glory now Lift up high the God of grace Lift high our Savior Jesus Christ Lift Him who stands for us all Lift high the Holy Spirit Lord The One who helps us in this life To please You Lord in all we do In present life And to eternity we pray

HYMN 405
1. Yes God is love Eternal Love He is He loves to bless us all He loves His own The ones who are His own That seek to please Him here Come then all people to Christ Jesus All you that sinned against the Father Repent of sin  2 Creator God The One who made us all He loves us all so much We must all seek To share Christs nature here And be like Him in heart Lord grant Your love to move our hearts now That we may love as righteous children Love You O Lord     1 Yes God is love Eternal Love He is He loves to bless us all He loves His own The ones who are His own That seek to please Him here Come then all people to Christ Jesus All you that sinned against the Father Repent of sin     2 Creator God The One who made us all He loves us all so much We must all seek To share Christs nature here And be like Him in heart Lord grant Your love to move our hearts now That we may love as righteous children Love You O Lord     5 High is the Lord Almighty God is He Myriads of angels have He loves us much We creatures here on earth His glory shines in us What glorious thanks we all must offer Give to the Lord our hearts in worship Thanks to His Name

HYMN 406
1. In baptism I am blessed Greater blessings have than first birth In this I have life in full Life of God I have in new birth What is birth by mortal flesh If Christ is not one with me  2 Life God gave me in the flesh Life for this life only gave me Now I have new life from God In baptism I have Gods life Life of flesh shall soon end here Life in God is evermore     3 I was baptized into Christ I am one with Jesus Christ now I am now a child of God God has bought me with His own Blood Spirit of the Lord I have I am called by Gods own Name     4 When I suffer in this life With much praying I shall prevail When the time of death has come I shall trust Christ Jesus only Blood of Jesus is the sign I am safe for evermore

HYMN 407
1. The past life lived I see as empty Unfruitful life and nothing gained A life of flesh and lustful pleasures I craved the flesh and vanities Such life I now desire no longer My Savior has delivered me from such  2 And now I thank the Lord Christ Jesus Eternal ruin He saved me from He saved me from the power of Satan He bought me back as child of God In this I have great peace and gladness Great freedom have and joy eternally     3 The flesh is strong I struggle with it I wrestle still with forces dark I must put on the armor always And put my trust in Jesus Christ What He began He soon shall complete All things shall work for good for me in Christ

HYMN 408
1. In holy baptism in Jesus We are baptized into His death That we may live no longer to sin No longer live to please Satan In this baptism we are blessed Glorious we are as Gods children  2 Baptized into the death of Jesus Weve died with Jesus Christ the Lord And just as Jesus Christ is risen Hes risen with a glorious life So with Him we shall all be raised We shall receive eternal life     3 Come all baptized in Christ the Savior Live with the new life of the Lord Lust of the flesh no longer pursue No longer seek to live in sin We must resolve to please the Lord Live as ambassadors of Christ     4 If we have died to sin with Jesus Then follow Christ in faithfulness Our baptism shall be a blessing Among Gods children we shall be We shall rejoice in Christ the Lord Have life eternal peace in Christ

HYMN 409
1. All you that seek blessings In baptism with tears Come to the Savior Jesus Christ That He might wash you clean  2 Repentant ones come now Joyful come to the Lord The Blood of Jesus makes you clean Righteous you shall become     3 When you are now baptized In Jesus Name baptized The Lord the Father shall forgive All sin committed here     4 If in Christ you believe Trust Him rely on Him Youll be His children always then Hell favor you ever     5 Then come and follow Christ Seek things above as well Your dwelling place shall be with God Forever dwell with Him

HYMN 41
1. Father of heaven, whose love profound A ransom for our souls has found, Before your throne we sinners bend, To us your pardoning love extend.  2 Almighty Son, incarnate Word, Our Prophet, Priest, Redeemer, Lord, Before your throne we sinners bend, To us your saving grace extend.     3 Eternal Spirit, by whose breath Our souls are raised from sin and death, Before your throne we sinners bend, To us your quickening power extend.     4 Jehovah Father, Spirit, Son Mysterious Godhead, Three in One, Before your throne we sinners bend, Grace, pardon, life to us extend.

HYMN 410
1. You followers of Christ Put on Gods armor now Be strong and bold courageous be Be strong in Christ the Lord  2 The Lord in battle strong Jehovah God is He Strength He will grant His children now Stand firm to fight the foe     3 Then put the armor on Whole armor put on now That you may stand against the foe Fight to the end of life     4 Stand strong Gods people now With courage fight the foe Jesus is with you to the end Eternal peace Hell give

HYMN 411
1. Jesus Lord weve come to You Come to listen to Your voice Lord Children we bring to You Lord You bid us to bring them to You In obedience we bring children They are here for blessings from You  2 We have heard Your Word O Lord Thy Word calls us come to Jesus Baptism by water and By Thy Spirit we have new life By this we become your children We belong to Gods own Kingdom     3 Therefore we have come to You Bringing children for Your blessings Let Thy face shine on them Lord Merciful be to our children Make them as Your children Jesus Make them as Your lambs dear Shepherd     4 Jesus cleanse these children now By Thy precious Blood cleanse all sin Channels only we are Lord Blessing of Baptism You give Dead in sin is what we are Lord In You we have life eternal     5 Grant these children new birth Lord Take away from them all curses Free them from the evil one Free them from the power of Satan Cleanse them from the filth of sin Lord Make them clean in You Lord Jesus     6 We entrust them to You Lord High Priest we bring these our children In Your arms hold gently Lord Hold these children safe forever Write the names we give to them now In the Book of Life write these names

HYMN 412
1. Christ Jesus while here on earth children you loved You called them and blessed them placed on them Your hands We pray for our children love all of them Lord And call them and bless them as you did of old  2 Good Shepherd these children are part of Your sheep Keep them as Your children as those You have saved Put Your Law in their minds write them on their hearts Grant them to be faithful and follow the truth     3 These children before You we now here present They all are Your children we give them to You Gracious Spirit fill them dwell in their hearts now Be with them here on earth and in Heavn above

HYMN 413
1. Baptism in Christ is most precious In this we are made one with God One with the Father Son and Spirit Inheritance I have so great Now rooted in the Lord Jehovah Where I shall grow and blossom bear much fruit  2 Im now a child of God the Father New Covenant I have with Him Lord help me be a child so faithful Be loving child with heart for Christ My body soul and spirit give You Surrender all to You dear Jesus Christ     3 If anyone believes in Jesus And is baptized in Jesus Christ That person is a new creation Has life eternal in Jesus Believe in Jesus with your whole heart Hell be your Lord you too shall be His child

HYMN 414
1. I thank You O my God For baptism You gave me Grant grace to me dear Lord Grace for my growth and well being In this new life I have The Word of God as guide Fill me with Thine own grace Sanctify me dear Lord  2 Forsake all in this world Satan and flesh forsake them What I desire to do Lord please You in righteousness In baptism bless me Bless me with food I need And strengthen me O Lord That I may stand for You     1 I thank You O my God For baptism You gave me Grant grace to me dear Lord Grace for my growth and well being In this new life I have The Word of God as guide Fill me with Thine own grace Sanctify me dear Lord     2 Forsake all in this world Satan and flesh forsake them What I desire to do Lord please You in righteousness In baptism bless me Bless me with food I need And strengthen me O Lord That I may stand for You     5 I yield my life to you For you I live till death comes In sorrow or in joy As you ordained for me Lord Help me to please you Lord In all things please my Lord Please You in all my life Ill be with You in heaven

HYMN 415
1. I yield my life to you For you I live till death comes In sorrow or in joy As you ordained for me Lord Help me to please you Lord In all things please my Lord Please You in all my life Ill be with You in heaven  2 The Lord I know There is no Savior I know beside You Lord     3 Jesus keep me You are my Savior I am yours always now

HYMN 416
1. We are before You O Lord We are Yours always Lord We pray Lord confirm our faith Come Lord bless these vows made Now give us Holy Spirit We stand now before You we pray We all are Your children Lord You are our Father God In You we all are saved Holy Spirit God who has sealed us We shall not forget These vows that we now make Help us to keep these vows now Be merciful Lord  2 True we make these vows today We now pledge to follow We know we are flesh and blood To temptations yielding Come Lord strengthen us always We commit our life to You Lord Lord be with us we pray You You are our Father God In you we all are saved Holy Spirit God who has sealed us We shall not forget These vows that we now make Help us to keep these vows now Be merciful Lord     3 When we are tempted deceived We are all led astray Come shield us and protect us Snatch us from the devil Help us fight the evil one When lustful things of this earth tempt Provide escape for us all You are our Father God In you we all are saved Holy Spirit God who has sealed us We shall not forget These vows that we now make Help us to keep these vows now Be merciful Lord

HYMN 417
1. Lord Jesus You laid down your life You died that we might live Keep us like babies in You Lord Make us Your children Lord  2 These vows we make before You Come listen to them all Our lives we now commit to You Lord give us strength to live     3 Our gracious Lord we thank You You sought us and You called We have eternal life in You Our soul is satisfied

HYMN 418
1. Just as I am without one plea But that Thy blood was shed for me And that Thou bidst me come to Thee O Lamb of God I come  2 Just as I am and waiting not To rid my soul of one dark blot To Thee whose Blood can cleanse each spot O Lamb of God I come     3 Just as I am though tossed about With many a conflict many a doubt Fightings and fears within without O Lamb of God I come     4 Just as I am poor wretched blind Sight riches healing of the mind Yea all I need in Thee to find O Lamb of God I come     5 Just as I am Thou wilt receive Wilt welcome pardon cleanse relieve Because Thy promise I believe O Lamb of God I come     6 Just as I am Thy love unknown Hath broken every barrier down Now to be Thine yea Thine alone O Lamb of God I come     7 Just as I am of that free love The breadth length depth and height to prove Here for a season then above O Lamb of God I come

HYMN 419
1. Now O Lord we come to You Stand before You as Your children Deepen Lord our faith in You Lord accept the praise we offer We commit ourselves to You Lord Take us as Your loving children  2 Keep us safe in this wild world Bless us and defend Your children Lord You know we are so frail Wicked hateful foes surround us Jesus in your love receive us Take us to Your Home in Heaven

HYMN 42
1. All glory be to God on High, Peace upon earth, goodwill to men. His gracious mercies love profound, He pours upon His children now. God's favor is upon His own, Peace from Him now and evermore. God has reconciled man with Him.  2 We give to God His glory due, We give Him praise we thank Him now. Forever and forever more, You are the God, the Lord of all. Almighty God, the sovereign Lord, To whom all creatures shall repair, A safe abode in you we have.     3 Jesus the Lord the Son of God, Eternal One, you are the Lord. Redeemer of the world from sin Your precious Blood was shed for us. The Lamb of God was slain for us, The Lord our God, our Savior dear, Have mercy on us all, we plead.     4 Descend O Spirit, come to us, Dwell in our hearts, come comfort us. Bring us together, Holy One, Shine in our hearts the light of God. Destroy all evil work in us, Deliver us from all our foes, We praise you Lord forever more.

HYMN 420
1. You are the Churchs Head Lord Jesus We are Your own come save us now We need You Jesus Christ our Shepherd We are Your sheep we wait for You Our grievous sins make us unworthy Make us unworthy of Your love Your mercies Lord are everlasting Come then in mercy save us Lord  2 Our gracious Lord have mercy on us Confirm in us Your gracious love We covenant and promise You Lord To worship You Your glory seek Give us Your freedom love and knowledge All that we need to please You here Grant us the grace to love You dearly And walk in righteous paths to Heavn     1 You are the Churchs Head Lord Jesus We are Your own come save us now We need You Jesus Christ our Shepherd We are Your sheep we wait for You Our grievous sins make us unworthy Make us unworthy of Your love Your mercies Lord are everlasting Come then in mercy save us Lord     2 Our gracious Lord have mercy on us Confirm in us Your gracious love We covenant and promise You Lord To worship You Your glory seek Give us Your freedom love and knowledge All that we need to please You here Grant us the grace to love You dearly And walk in righteous paths to Heavn     5 Grant us Your peace we pray YouJesus The peace You give to those You love We soon shall be with You in glory At Your right Hand may we be found The Churchs Head You are Lord Jesus We are Your own come save us Lord We need You Jesus Christ our Shepherd We are Your sheep we wait for You

HYMN 421
1. Today that my Savior has made me His friend I rejoice to know that I belong to Christ With new love Ill love Him Always worship Jesus I shall have His peace in life always  2 In Jesus I shall have everlasting joy Pleasures this world offers shall soon pass away I seek nothing to know In this fleeting life here All I seek here is You Lord Jesus     3 The Good Shepherd cares for all of His own sheep His lost sheep He seeks now seeks to bring them home He is full of mercy Loving God our Savior Jesus seeks His own sheep to save them     4 A lamb I am also I shall be with Christ Jesus calls me by name gives me what I need Who can separate me from Jesus Christ my Shepherd Jesus Christ my friend and my Savior

HYMN 422
1. We come before you gracious Shepherd We come before your Mercy seat In joy receive your chosen children To you we bring our worship now  2 Our hearts are full of sin and evil Unworthy we approach Thy Throne We pray Thee cleanse our hearts from evil And save us from Thy wrath O Lord     3 Thy covenant of grace we cherish We seek to be Your children true We long to grow in grace and favor Help us O Lord to please You now     4 By faith we seek to love and serve Thee Thy glory Lord we may reveal Give all our hearts and minds as servants Obedient servants help we seek     5 Grant us to share in joy our Father Grant this for us Your chosen race Sit on Your right O Lord in Heaven Say Amen Lord so let it be

HYMN 423
1. In You the Father Son and Spirit Baptized I am and sanctified To be a part of the redeemed Lord Part of the blessed born of God Born in the Lord Redeemer Christ Filled with Your Holy Spirit Lord  2 Make me a precious child of Thee Lord In this Thy sacred baptism Grant Lord that I might have all blessings Full blessings from Your death for sin And in this life of pain and grief Comfort me in Thy Spirit Lord     3 Obey You Lord and live to love You With fear and trembling as Your child You seek that I might serve You only And so dear Lord I give You all Forsaking all that Satan gives Forsaking all for You till death     4 Lord Jesus You are Truth and the Way In you Gods covenant is sealed Troubled with danger and temptations Your servant may yield and may fall Your Word assures me of Your love Cast not Your servant from Your sight     5 When I remember O Lord my sin See all the filthiness of heart Accused by Satan as unworthy Then I remember You O Lord You are my righteousness Jesus You are O Lord my worthiness     6 Committed only to You dear Lord Committed to the Triune God Help me Your covenant to treasure Through all my life and unto death And in this life or in dying Thy Glory Lord I may reveal

HYMN 424
1. Death you conquered King of glory Most Holy Blood You shed to save us We come before You with much praise Now we come with great rejoicing Our great King and our Savior Jesus We worship You and honor You Look upon us Your saints We bow before You Lord Christ our Savior We pray to You receive us Lord We bring our children now to You  2 Lord of Peace You have received me In baptism You owned me Jesus You loved me and You welcomed me You have blessed me with all blessings Sorrowful I am Lord without You In You I have such great honor My Savior Jesus Christ I come to You with joy Lord I thank You For all the precious gifts from You Your mercy is so full and free     3 I shall cling to You Lord Jesus I long to be with You forever Lord be with me forever more In this world of sin and evil Be with me make me faithful servant And glorify Your servant here Grant me O Lord I pray Peace and great joy in life Always grant me Your love is full O Lord my God Your covenant with me is great     4 Jesus Christ You are our Shepherd Give us the Holy Spirit Jesus That I might always stay so close In this I have all I need here Love patience peace and joy and kindness To serve You Lord as servant here Come quickly Jesus Christ The battle soon shall end Save Your people Grant us to be with You in Heavn We all shall sing Hallelujah

HYMN 425
1. Lord be with us as we pray Deepen faith and trust and hope Lord What we seek to do this day Grant that we may do in pure hearts Truthful children always be Lord Always seek to be true servants  2 Dear Lord help us in this life Help us in this life pilgrimage Feeble frail and weak we are Against mighty foes in this life Be Thou Lord a Mighty fortress Strong Deliver Christ our Savior

HYMN 426
1. Jesus Christ Good Shepherd is There is none like Him in all life He gives all His life to us Nothing He withholds from loved ones We are sheep of Jesus Christ He has bought us with His Blood  2 For salvation Jesus came He became flesh for this reason He was substitute for us All our sin was placed upon Him When we give ourselves to Him Glorious blessings we shall have     3 Those that hunger for the Lord And call upon Jesus Christ now They shall see in Jesus Christ Wonderful love He has for them Satisfied they all shall be Here and in eternity

HYMN 427
1. Hungry soul come now to Jesus Feed on blessings from His Passion Come thou thirsty soul come quickly Drink deep from the Living Waters Jesus Christ your loving Savior In whose Blood is life eternal With His righteousness He clothes you This must be your joy eternal  2 I shall cling to Jesus always Always seek His blood as covering For in Him I have all blessings All my spirit needs forever For I have a blessed Savior Jesus Christ my joy and pleasure There is none my soul to satisfy Be with me always dear Jesus     1 Hungry soul come now to Jesus Feed on blessings from His Passion Come thou thirsty soul come quickly Drink deep from the Living Waters Jesus Christ your loving Savior In whose Blood is life eternal With His righteousness He clothes you This must be your joy eternal     2 I shall cling to Jesus always Always seek His blood as covering For in Him I have all blessings All my spirit needs forever For I have a blessed Savior Jesus Christ my joy and pleasure There is none my soul to satisfy Be with me always dear Jesus     5 I desire to dine with Jesus Seek the bread and wine He offers Fill my soul and dwell within me Fill my life with all Your life Lord Now I have a blessed Savior Christ who suffered pain and sorrow Suffered death and humiliation Christ my Lord and blessed Savior     6 Bread of God in Christ now broken Take and eat with much thanksgiving Flesh of Christ the Lord the Savior By faith eat for life eternal This the food for my redemption On the Cross His body broken Broken in the grave was buried Now in glory Christ has risen     7 Gracious Lord I plead for mercy You are full of mercy Savior You have cleansed and made me righteous All my sin is now forgiven Therefore come Lord dwell within me Make my heart a dwelling place Lord Let Thy Spirit Lord with me abide Live in me now and forever

HYMN 428
1. Prepare our hearts as we gather To celebrate Your Supper with You Prepare us Lord to come aright Deepen faith in you dear Jesus We give to You our hearts and whole being Life in all fullness You gave us We are Your children Lord Close hold us by You Lord We cling to You We praise You Lord we give you thanks We soon shall Dine with You in Heavn

HYMN 429
1. Dear Savior Jesus You alone do I have My only plea Lord is the precious Blood Unworthy sinner poor such wretched sinner Lost and condemned one  2 No hope I have in life here or in Heaven None is so gracious loving as my Savior None is a refuge sure and safe for sinners None other but You     3 Your great compassion grace and mercy kindness Longsuffering Lord You bear with me Your servant Pardon my sin Lord shameful sinner like me Always bless my soul     4 Blind lost and wandering groping in this darkness No hope I had for life and life eternal But you O Lord God found me and redeemed me To you now I yield     5 Thanksgiving praises from the heart I render To my dear Lord God and to Christ my Savior For great salvation for a wretched sinner His Kingdom belong

HYMN 43
1. Holy, Triune God, We acknowledge Thee. We declare you as our Savior, In the Body of Christ Jesus, And His death for us, On the Cross He died.  2 Angels sing your praise, Seraphim, do sing. We desire to join this worship, Of you Father, Son and Spirit, Singing songs of praise, To you Lamb of God.

HYMN 430
1. Draw near to Christs Table now God Himself inviting Draw near with repentant hearts Gracious gift receive now Come in prayer seek the Lord Come to Christ the Savior With His Blood He saves you  2 Come receive the Bread of Life Blood of Jesus Christ have Christs own life you have in you Life eternal you have Jesus died for our sin Jesus died for sinners And He rose victorious     3 Come with pure hearts to the Lord With pure hearts to praise Him Come and follow Jesus Christ And be faithful to Him Risen Lord glorious Christ He shall bless His dear ones And shall make you like Him     4 Priceless treasure Jesus Christ Hes our only Savior Widely open all our hearts And receive Christ Jesus He is love perfect love No one is like Jesus Son of God our Savior

HYMN 431
1. Jesus Christ our Savior Friend Has removed the curse from us By His suffering on the Cross From sin and death has saved us  2 In the Bread we all partake Body of Christ we all share In the Wine that is His Blood We remember God loves us     3 All that share this blessed Food Come sincere with pure hearts true That in God you may be blessed Judgment bring not to yourselves     4 O give thanks to Christ the Lord For this Food He gives you now Food that takes away your sin By the death He died for you     5 By faith in this Food for you You have healing for the soul Healing every sinful soul Souls that seek help from the Lord     6 Come repentant sinner come Seek His grace in earnest now All who seek Him falsely shall Suffer greatly for their sin     7 If you have all that you need Savior you will not need then If holy and strong you are Then you need not come to Christ     8 Fruitful you shall be for Christ Love your neighbor as yourself Lay your life for others now Jesus laid His life for you

HYMN 432
1. We leave the Table of the Lord We have been fed in mind and soul In Jesus death new life we have We have been healed by Gods great Love  2 Diligent we are by His grace Faithfully we proclaim the Word We duly follow Jesus Christ In dangers here we follow Him     3 The Love of Christ has filled our hearts This is the food that satisfies We work the works of Christ whilst here In patience we must serve the Lord     4 Be with us strengthen us O Lord Help us to follow you to Heavn Bless us with joy as we all wait For you O Lord on that great Day

HYMN 433
1. Jesus the lover of my soul Your great love is so dear to me The love that sent You to the Cross In such great love You saved from sin  2 My life is corrupted by sin My sin has brought great shame to me But You have laid a Table now A Table laid for me a wretch     3 Great Physician You are for me Your light shines brightly in my life You clothe me with what I need most Your righteousness shall cover me     4 Come heal me Lord I plead with You Come heal the soul and make me whole Come cleanse me from unrighteousness Lord cleanse me with the Blood You shed     5 Take from me Lord the lust of flesh Fill me Lord Jesus with Your love Come live in me Lord Jesus Christ Communion have with You always     6 Drive from me Lord all evil foes And be the King of all my life Your Word I treasure in my heart Your Spirit strengthens me always     7 When life is over for me Lord Come Jesus take me from this world That I might be with You in Heavn Be satisfied in You always

HYMN 434
1. Here O my Lord I see Thee face to face Here would I touch and handle things unseen Here grasp with firmer hand the eternal grace And all my weariness upon Thee lean  2 This is the hour of banquet and of song This is the heavenly table spread for me Here let me feast and feasting still prolong The hallowed hour of fellowship with Thee     3 Here would I feed upon the bread of God Here drink with Thee the royal wine of Heaven Here would I lay aside each earthly load Here taste afresh the calm of sin forgiven     4 I have no help but Thine nor do I need Another arm save Thine to lean upon It is enough my Lord enough indeed My strength is in Thy might Thy might alone     5 I have no wisdom save in Him Who is My Wisdom and my Teacher both in One No wisdom can I lack while Thou art wise No teaching do I crave save Thine alone     6 Mine is the sin but Thine the righteousness Mine is the guilt but Thine the cleansing Blood Here is my robe my refuge and my peace Thy Blood Thy righteousness O Lord my God     7 Feast after feast thus comes and passes by Yet passing points to the glad feast above Giving sweet foretaste of the festal joy The Lambs great bridal feast of bliss and love

HYMN 435
1. Deck thyself my soul with gladness Leave the gloomy haunts of sadness Come into the daylights splendor There with joy Thy praises render Unto Christ Whose grace unbounded Hath this wondrous banquet founded Higher oer all heavns He reigneth Yet to dwell with Thee He deigneth  2 Hasten as a bride to meet Him And with loving reverence greet Him For with words of life immortal Now He knocketh at thy portal Haste to open gates before Him Saying while thou dost adore Him Suffer Lord that I receive Thee And I nevermore will leave Thee     1 Deck thyself my soul with gladness Leave the gloomy haunts of sadness Come into the daylights splendor There with joy Thy praises render Unto Christ Whose grace unbounded Hath this wondrous banquet founded Higher oer all heavns He reigneth Yet to dwell with Thee He deigneth     2 Hasten as a bride to meet Him And with loving reverence greet Him For with words of life immortal Now He knocketh at thy portal Haste to open gates before Him Saying while thou dost adore Him Suffer Lord that I receive Thee And I nevermore will leave Thee     5 He who craves a precious treasure Neither cost nor pain will measure But the priceless gifts of Heaven God to us hath freely given Though the wealth of earth were offered Naught would buy the gifts here offered Christs true body for thee riven And His Blood for thee once given     6 Ah how hungers all my spirit For the love I do not merit Oft have I with sighs fast thronging Thought upon this food with longing In the battle well nigh worsted For this cup of life have thirsted For the Friend Who here invites us And to God Himself unites us     7 Sun who all my life dost brighten Light who dost my soul enlighten Joy the best that any knoweth Fount whence all my being floweth At Thy feet I cry my Maker Let me be a fit partaker Of this blessd food from Heaven For our good Thy glory given

HYMN 436
1. O Thou who at Thy Eucharist didst pray That all Thy Church might be forever one Grant us at every Eucharist to say With longing heart and soul Thy will be done O may we all one Bread one Body be Through this blest Sacrament of unity  2 For all thy Church O Lord we intercede Make Thou our sad divisions soon to cease Draw us the nearer each to each we plead By drawing all to Thee O Prince of Peace Thus may we all one Bread one Body be Through this blest Sacrament of unity     3 We pray thee too for wanderers from Thy fold O bring them back Good Shepherd of the sheep Back to the faith which Saints believed of old Back to the Church which still that faith doth keep Soon may we all one Bread one Body be Through this blest Sacrament of unity     4 So Lord at length when Sacraments shall cease May we be one with all Thy Church above One with Thy Saints in one unbroken peace One with Thy Saints in one unbounded love More blessd still in peace and love to be One with the TRINITY in Unity

HYMN 437
1. Ill never forget Jesus The One who thinks of me He loves me so much He gave He gave His all for me When I was lost and dying From hell He rescued me Christ loves me so much He gave He gave His life for me  2 What must I do to thank Him For wondrous love Hes shown My heart and all Ill give Him With great joy I shall give For Jesus died to save me He suffered on the Cross He took away my sin shame Ill follow Jesus Christ     1 Ill never forget Jesus The One who thinks of me He loves me so much He gave He gave His all for me When I was lost and dying From hell He rescued me Christ loves me so much He gave He gave His life for me     2 What must I do to thank Him For wondrous love Hes shown My heart and all Ill give Him With great joy I shall give For Jesus died to save me He suffered on the Cross He took away my sin shame Ill follow Jesus Christ     5 For sin we have committed Christ suffered so much here From this I have eternal life The life I deserved not When death shall come at last here Hell stretch His Hand for me Hell take my soul bring me Home By faith Hell bring me Home     6 His Blood and Body gave us He yielded all for us The shame of sin Christ suffered And now I have great joy Jesus desires to bless us And give us light in Him Draw near to Him be in Him His peace you shall all have     7 Shine brightly in me Jesus In joy and sorrow shine Help me remember that Blood You poured for me and all Help me to love you dearly And trust you only Lord Bring me at last to Heaven Where always Ill have joy

HYMN 438
1. Jesus Christ the friend of mankind Savior came to save all sinners On the Cross You suffered for us Suffered paid for all the wages I shall praise You gracious Jesus Merciful You are to poor ones Poor sinners like me and all mankind We now bow before You praise You  2 You have blessed me with salvation From Your riches I have life now With great love You did redeem me From my sin and evil saved me Lord You paid the debt I owed you You freed me from dreadful great fear Peace eternal life You gave me Precious blessings fill my heart Lord     1 Jesus Christ the friend of mankind Savior came to save all sinners On the Cross You suffered for us Suffered paid for all the wages I shall praise You gracious Jesus Merciful You are to poor ones Poor sinners like me and all mankind We now bow before You praise You     2 You have blessed me with salvation From Your riches I have life now With great love You did redeem me From my sin and evil saved me Lord You paid the debt I owed you You freed me from dreadful great fear Peace eternal life You gave me Precious blessings fill my heart Lord     5 Lord we come to this Thy Table Bless this Food for us your servants True Vine You are dear Lord Jesus We have life from You as branches Help me strengthen me Your servant Lust of flesh take from my mind Lord Help me to abide in You the Vine Bear much fruit by this for You Lord     6 Covenant with You renew now Lord we give You all our hearts now Good example You have left us Jesus You we seek to follow A new heart create within us Help us walk in righteous paths Lord Whether living or in dying Seek to glorify You Jesus

HYMN 439
1. Father who on man dost shower Gifts of plenty from Thy dower To Thy people give the power All Thy gifts to use aright  2 Give pure happiness in leisure Temperance in every pleasure Holy use of earthly treasure Bodies clear and spirits bright     3 Lift from this and every nation All that brings us degradation Quell the forces of temptation Put Thine enemies to flight     4 Be with us Thy strength supplying That with energy undying Every foe of man defying We may rally to the fight     5 Thou Who art our Captain ever Lead us on to great endeavor May Thy Church the world deliver Give us wisdom courage might     6 Father who has sought and loved us Son of God whose love has bound us Holy Ghost within us round us Hear us Godhead infinite

HYMN 44
1. Sing in praise of God, who loves us, Sing of God's eternal love. Come to Him, all you God's chosen, Come and praise His Holy Name. For this God is fearful also, And His wrath no one can stand. But He shows His love for all men, Therefore, glorify His Name.  2 God revealed His Love in Jesus, In Jesus we see God's love. None can fathom this love in Christ, None can understand such love. None but God the Holy Spirit, God the Spirit now has come. He will teach us all things of God, He will help us in our faith.     3 Wide and high and big is His love, Love beyond the universe. Steadfast love that is enduring, Love, O Love, abiding love. Love that fills the highest heavens, Deep and wide and full and free, Love that dwells in God's heart only, His full Heart He gives to us.     4 Wondrous love, I cannot measure, I believe in this great Love. Jesus loves me, Satan hates me, Evil forces me, assail. Jesus loves me now and ever, Help me to love you in turn, I shall sing Thy praises ever, To you pleasant love I'll give.

HYMN 440
1. Christ Jesus was among His own Much grief and sorrow He had Great trouble with much anguish here He bore our sinful burdens Distressed was He but full of love He faced the cross turned not back Victorious was He in this  2 Desire He had to celebrate That feast of Passover meal The Feast that signified His life His Body was the True Lamb In this last meal we celebrate The Lords death until He comes Communion we have with Him     3 On that dark night after the meal Christ Jesus was betrayed then Death faced Him such a dreadful death A frightful ordeal He faced But see how brightly shone His face And even restored cut ear Forgiving peaceful was He     4 The bread He broke the wine He gave Stood for His life He gave us This Holy food He gives to us That we may share in His life We now partake in this great meal We all are blessed by this Food Eternal life we all have     5 On that Day when I see my Lord In peace and joy in Heaven Jesus my Savior I shall praise The Lamb of God shall worship Ill praise my Lord extol His love With loud voice I shall praise Him Sing joyful songs in worship

HYMN 441
1. On that great night before Your passion Before You suffered and you died Jesus Your Body and Blood offered The blessings from these You gave us All those who trust You and believe You Give thanks to You for gracious gifts had  2 As often as this Supper partake Your death we do remember now Your love and passion for us sinners We see in this Your Sacrament The Blood the suffering and Your dying We see afresh in this Food offered     3 The bond of love we have with Jesus Is firm and strong such solid bond The friendship we all have with Jesus Is also strong we treasure this As we partake this meal before you We are united with you Jesus     4 The Bread we eat is food that feeds us The wine we take the Blood of life We have in this life in all fullness Our soul is satisfied by this We have new life and strength from Jesus We need such strength to fight and prevail     5 When we partake of You dear Jesus Renew our fellowship with You Unite our hearts and minds and soul Lord For we are Yours redeemed by You We eat one Bread we drink from One cup Our souls are fed by You O Jesus     6 Praise glory thanks and blessings give You Give to our God for all His Love Angels join in this heavenly worship Sing songs of praises to our God When we appear before You Jesus We shall sing everlasting praises

HYMN 442
1. O my Master Jesus To Your Table come Table You laid for me Mercifully laid Make me fit to eat with You This heart is not right Lord I seek Your blessings As I sup with You  2 Thy grief and Thy sorrows All You suffered here Your great pain and Your death Is what I deserve But with great love You did bear All my sin and death Mercy You have shown me You have saved my life     1 O my Master Jesus To Your Table come Table You laid for me Mercifully laid Make me fit to eat with You This heart is not right Lord I seek Your blessings As I sup with You     2 Thy grief and Thy sorrows All You suffered here Your great pain and Your death Is what I deserve But with great love You did bear All my sin and death Mercy You have shown me You have saved my life     5 Dear Lord Jesus help me Your grace I desire Come and bless me truly May Your love abide Take away my sin and filth Lord forgive my sin Forgive my trespasses Give me peace O Lord     6 Grant me new life Jesus From this blessed Meal Give me life in this Food Death to overcome Victory I have from You In the battles here I have hope in You Lord Hope of Heavn above

HYMN 443
1. Loving Savior Jesus To You Lord I come You have called and chosen Table You have laid In Your love you have done this Merciful You are Prepare me now Jesus To dine with You Lord  2 Jesus You have suffered Agony and shame You have suffered death here For me You have died What great love You showed by this Son of God You died Me the guilty one Lord But You loved me still     1 Loving Savior Jesus To You Lord I come You have called and chosen Table You have laid In Your love you have done this Merciful You are Prepare me now Jesus To dine with You Lord     2 Jesus You have suffered Agony and shame You have suffered death here For me You have died What great love You showed by this Son of God You died Me the guilty one Lord But You loved me still     5 Mercy have on me Lord Forgive all my sin For my sin You died here And You rose from death Great salvation You have wrought May it not be vain Look upon me sinner Grant eternal life     6 Life abundant You have In this Supper set Blessings You have for us Body Blood Your Life Renewed strength I gain through this As I walk this life Until all is over Then Ill be with You

HYMN 444
1. Wake my soul from your deep slumber Leave behind the works of darkness Light of God is shining brightly Come and share the light of glory Christ the Savior now invites you Come to dine with Him at Table Those that eat the Bread from Heaven They shall be Your guests forever  2 Come the Groom is ready waiting Come as Bride prepared for Jesus Christ the Savior knocks at Your door Open to Him heart soul and mind Come to Him in faith be with Him Let Him know you are all ready Hear Him call you to the Table He invites you to dine with Him     1 Wake my soul from your deep slumber Leave behind the works of darkness Light of God is shining brightly Come and share the light of glory Christ the Savior now invites you Come to dine with Him at Table Those that eat the Bread from Heaven They shall be Your guests forever     2 Come the Groom is ready waiting Come as Bride prepared for Jesus Christ the Savior knocks at Your door Open to Him heart soul and mind Come to Him in faith be with Him Let Him know you are all ready Hear Him call you to the Table He invites you to dine with Him     5 Jesus Christ lover of mankind In my heart I thirst for You Lord See the tears of longing for You I desire this Food so blessed My heart thirsts to drink from You Lord I am anxious to be with You My soul longs for You my Savior Be my friend forever Jesus     6 You are Sun of Life for us all Deep joy you give to your people Christ the Alpha and Omega I shall bow before you Jesus Give me Lord the Food I need now Wine and Bread from You Lord Jesus And the Blood that You shed for me Give me life and all Your blessings     7 Jesus Christ the Living Manna Come and help me and Your people Bless us Lord come truly bless us As we sup with You at Table This is food that feeds the soul here The food that reveals Your full love Grant us to partake of this Food When we you eat it new in Heaven

HYMN 445
1. Glorious Food to partake Son of God prepared I come to Gods Table Thanks I give to Him Take the whole of my heart Lord Take my mind and all This I offer You Lord Pleasing let it be  2 Grant thy Body Jesus Grant the Blood You shed Make me strong in You Lord Keep me safe in You Grant my life here on this earth Be as Yours O Lord Here on earth and Heaven Till eternity     1 Glorious Food to partake Son of God prepared I come to Gods Table Thanks I give to Him Take the whole of my heart Lord Take my mind and all This I offer You Lord Pleasing let it be     2 Grant thy Body Jesus Grant the Blood You shed Make me strong in You Lord Keep me safe in You Grant my life here on this earth Be as Yours O Lord Here on earth and Heaven Till eternity

HYMN 446
1. Jesus my joy and pleasure You are my only treasure You are my dearest friend Lord Ill sing praises to You Lord  2 Your goodness I acknowledge The bounteous gifts You give me What You provide so freely We appreciate and give thanks     3 With heart and mind we praise You Jesus You suffered for us You bore our pain and wages You suffered shame for sinners     4 How can I forget Jesus You gave Your whole life for me Your Body and Blood You gave Ill praise and glorify You     5 Cleanse me from sin that lingers Pure heart give me to serve You Come stay in my heart Jesus Come dwell with me forever     6 None can destroy my life here Death even shall be blessing For Jesus You shall raise me I shall be with You ever     7 Corruption then Ill see not In peace I shall depart here For Christ shall raise me from death Hell grant me see His face soon

HYMN 447
1. These glorious Sacraments Son of God You gave For these we offer thanks In adoration For You gave Your Blood for us And your Body gave New strength You have given Help me journey on  2 Lord receive my spirit To You all I give I give You my whole being Thanks offering I bring My whole life I give to You Dear Lord take it all When on that day You call May I come with joy     1 These glorious Sacraments Son of God You gave For these we offer thanks In adoration For You gave Your Blood for us And your Body gave New strength You have given Help me journey on     2 Lord receive my spirit To You all I give I give You my whole being Thanks offering I bring My whole life I give to You Dear Lord take it all When on that day You call May I come with joy

HYMN 448
1. Creator of the earth and Heaven All things we need You have supplied The earth is full of varied treasures From these You give us what we need Your blessings are so full and free There is none like You O our God  2 Multitudes You have called to serve You Multitudes that surround You Lord You feed all such with food they need here All people have the food they need You Lord supply us all our needs Jehovah You are awesome God     3 You gave us seed to sow in much joy In season sow the seed for food Sunshine and rain You give for growth too From the beginning You gave these You made all things so well indeed You are so mindful of all things     4 The food we need grows in our farm lands Our farms supply the food we need The seed is small when it is planted But it grows soon to yield much fruit The harvest shall be plentiful With yield so much for food for all     5 Remember God and all His blessings Forget not God who meets your needs For all we have and eat in this life Reveal the love of God for us Let all on earth with heart and soul Praise God for He is always good

HYMN 449
1. Lord speak to me that I may speak In living echoes of Thy tone As Thou has sought so let me seek Thine erring children lost and lone  2 O lead me Lord that I may lead The wandring and the wavring feet Oh feed me Lord that I may feed Thy hungring ones with manna sweet     3 O strengthen me that while I stand Firm on the rock and strong in Thee I may stretch out a loving hand To wrestlers with the troubled sea     4 O teach me Lord that I may teach The precious things Thou dost impart And wing my words that they may reach The hidden depths of many a heart     5 O give Thine own sweet rest to me That I may speak with soothing powr A word in season as from Thee To weary ones in needful hour     6 O fill me with Thy fullness Lord Until my very heart oerflow In kindling thought and glowing word Thy love to tell Thy praise to show     7 O use me Lord use even me Just as Thou wilt and when and where Until Thy blessed face I see Thy rest Thy joy Thy glory share

HYMN 45
1. Good portion I have in the Lord, Who made all things we have on earth. He cares for me, my gracious God, To Him I yield my life, my all.  2 He is my life and salvation, My Rock and fortress is the Lord. My strength and helper in this life, On Him I must depend in life.     3 The Lord says to all that know Him, All that, belong and trust in Him. â€œCall on me in the troubled day, And I will come deliver youâ€.     4 The Lord shall save you from distress, And He will glorify His own. Life in all fullness He will give, With great salvation, He will bless.     5 Great is the Name of Jehovah, Great is the praise your Name deserves. Grant nations to acknowledge you, Bring all into your Kingdom, Lord.

HYMN 450
1. Time has come now bless and commit Send us to the Lords own vineyard Work as laborers of the Lord We seek blessings for Gods mission And the peace of God upon you Christ the Lord before behind Christ the Lord before behind  2 Strong must be courageous always Fear not foes against you servant Depend not on flesh and blood Jesus shall be with you provide He shall not make mission fail you Christ Himself shall be with you Christ Himself shall be with you

HYMN 451
1. A charge to keep I have A God to glorify A neverdying soul to save And fit it for the sky  2 To serve the present age My calling to fulfill O may it all my powers engage To do my Masters will     3 Arm me with jealous care As in Thy sight to live And O Thy servant Lord prepare A strict account to give     4 Help me to watch and pray And on Thyself rely Assured if I my trust betray I shall for ever die

HYMN 452
1. Jesus Christ our Lord we worship You died as substitute for us all You purchased us by Your own Blood Jesus is our all and in all All we have come from You Lord Jesus We rest in Love of God from You Make us your servants now And sanctify us Lord Let Your glory Remain with fullness of Your grace Be with Your chosen leave us not  2 We did not choose You You chose us By grace through faith we are Your children Before creation You chose us Our strength is so weak and feeble We are not worthy we are sinful But You are gracious merciful Lord take away our pride Poor servants we are Lord We seek Heaven Strengthen O Lord Your servants pray In You alone we have great strength     3 Glorious King our God Jehovah The fields are white the harvest ready The laborers in the fields are few Call and send more faithful servants Send us by grace to serve You Jesus Draw people to Your Kingdom Lord Blessed are those that come We welcome them to Christ Come to Jesus God shall bless all His people now They shall be with Him where He is     4 Multitudes are lost and dying In valley of death many dwelling They are not in Gods Kingdom now They have been in darkness waiting The morning has not dawned for all such They must now hear the Gospel news Sun of righteousness come Shine for the time has come Christ Lord Jesus Lead us to preach Your Word to all And open doors to welcome them     5 Your love Jesus in Your sufferings In this we have so great salvation You plead for us as our High Priest We shall preach You only Jesus The Cross we shall present before them Until they come to You Jesus Your Word is living Word It pierces heart and soul Gods Word cleanses Your yoke is easy burden light The Holy Spirit strengthens us

HYMN 453
1. Angels of the Lord Almighty Sow Gods seeds in Gods own time Faithfully they share the Gospel Bearing Jesus Name in all Serving us protecting us from evil That we shall be fruitful in the work of God  2 Labor on you Saints of Jesus Heavy burdens you may bear Tears of sorrow pains encounter Such the lot of Saints of God Joyful times awaits Gods suffering servants Joy eternal soon shall come in place of pain     3 Peace eternal God has promised Peace that none can understand We must trust the Words of Jesus Words of truth that shall not fail That we soon shall have eternal blessings Living waters we shall have from God in Heavn     4 Bless O Lord the Gospel servants That You sent from lands afar Through these servants You have blessed us With Christs Gospel everywhere Grant that they may have eternal blessings Grant them everlasting joy before Your Throne

HYMN 454
1. Lord Jesus calls us all His servants here Send them to preach His Word to all That they may preach with power from You O God Lord teach prepare Your servants now Renew these that You have called now Lord Lord be with these ones in all they do Protect them Lord and be with them O Dear Father Lord bless us all  2 Lord Jesus pour Your Holy Spirit now Upon the seed they sow in life Grant that the work they do may prosper That Lord Your Church may grow in grace Grant that their lives may be example That others may see and follow suit That they may follow You in life And death here now Grant us courage     1 Lord Jesus calls us all His servants here Send them to preach His Word to all That they may preach with power from You O God Lord teach prepare Your servants now Renew these that You have called now Lord Lord be with these ones in all they do Protect them Lord and be with them O Dear Father Lord bless us all     2 Lord Jesus pour Your Holy Spirit now Upon the seed they sow in life Grant that the work they do may prosper That Lord Your Church may grow in grace Grant that their lives may be example That others may see and follow suit That they may follow You in life And death here now Grant us courage     5 The sheep You Lord have now committed Help them protect and keep for You That none may go astray from the flock May they be with them where they are And when they plough the fields and sow seeds Grant Your Word sown be the seed of life Much fruit shall bear from the seed of The Word we sow Much fruit harvest     6 The Blood You shed to save us from sin Grant us to benefit from this We all have died in You Christ Jesus In baptism we are Yours Lord The Father gave us all to you Lord That we may all be among His Saints With joy we look to you Jesus O Lord our God We glorify

HYMN 455
1. Ye servants of the Lord Each in his office wait Observant of His heavenly Word And watchful at His gate  2 Let all your lamps be bright And trim the golden flame Gird up your loins as in His sight For awful is His Name     3 Watch tis your Lords command And while we speak Hes near Mark the first signal of His hand And ready all appear     4 O happy servant he In such a posture found He shall His Lord with rapture see And be with honor crowned     5 Christ shall the banquet spread With His own royal hand And raise that faithful servants head Amid the angelic band

HYMN 456
1. Master speak Thy servant heareth Waiting for Thy gracious word Longing for Thy voice that cheereth Master let it now be heard I am listening Lord for Thee What hast Thou to say to me  2 Speak to me by name O Master Let me know it is to me Speak that I may follow faster With a step more firm and free Where the Shepherd leads the flock In the shadow of the rock     3 Master speak Though least and lowest Let me not unheard depart Master speak For O Thou knowest All the yearning of my heart Knowest all its truest need Speak and make me blest indeed     4 Master speak and make me ready When Thy voice is truly heard With obedience glad and steady Still to follow every word I am listening Lord for Thee Master speak O speak to me

HYMN 457
1. Dear Father Son and Holy Ghost Our Triune God Eternal God We gather in Your name Lord We dedicate to You O Lord This house we built by grace from You Unworthy servants we are We sing praises to Your Great Name Holy Holy Holy we sing Come and dwell within this house Lord  2 Dear Son of God Lord glorified Make Thou this house a Holy place And sanctify this house Lord That all may hear your living Word Your praises blessings and honor From this house always dear Lord Cleanse us wash us sanctify us Dedicate us in Your Name Lord All unclean things take away Lord     1 Dear Father Son and Holy Ghost Our Triune God Eternal God We gather in Your name Lord We dedicate to You O Lord This house we built by grace from You Unworthy servants we are We sing praises to Your Great Name Holy Holy Holy we sing Come and dwell within this house Lord     2 Dear Son of God Lord glorified Make Thou this house a Holy place And sanctify this house Lord That all may hear your living Word Your praises blessings and honor From this house always dear Lord Cleanse us wash us sanctify us Dedicate us in Your Name Lord All unclean things take away Lord     5 Thou gracious Spirit come to us Come now and shine your light in us Shine in our darkness now Lord Descend upon us gracious Lord With tongues of fire fill all our hearts The heavenly fire give us Lord Bless us we pray bless the preachers Bless all men and women children Holy people make us now Lord     6 We praise You Holy Trinity We glorify and magnify We worship You adore You This house is gift from You O God This house belongs to You dear Lord This house reserved for worship We have tents here booths for worship Draw us closer to You dear Lord Praise You here and in the heavens

HYMN 458
1. Christ is made the sure foundation Christ the Head and Cornerstone Chosen of the Lord and precious Binding all the Church in one Holy Zions help for ever Be our confidence dear Lord  2 To this temple where we call You Come O Lord of hosts and stay Come with all Your loving kindness Hear your people as they pray And Your fullest benediction Shed within these walls today     3 Grant we pray for all the faithful All the gifts they ask to gain What they gain from You forever With the blessed to retain And hereafter in Your glory Evermore with You to reign     4 Praise and honor to the Father Praise and honor to the Son Praise and honor to the Spirit Ever three and ever one One in might and one in glory While unending ages run

HYMN 459
1. The earth is the Lords all is His Fullness of earth is His The earth and those that dwell therein Belong to God the Lord  2 Lord You established founded earth Upon the seas founded You so established this earth well On rivers established     3 Who shall ascend the hill of God And who shall also stand Who shall stand in His Holy place Who is worthy of Him     4 He who has clean hands in the Lord And all who have pure hearts Those who that live not in falsehood Deceitfully not swear     5 He shall receive blessings from God The Lord Himself shall bless He shall be vindicated here He shall be saved by God     6 Generation that pleases God It seeks the Lord its God It seeks the face of God the Lord The God of Jacob seeks     7 The King of Glory now comes in Open all doors for Him Who is this King that comes to us Who is He that enters     8 He is the Lord of Hosts our God The King of Glory is The Lord of Host our God He is Open the door for Him

HYMN 46
1. All power belongs to God Most High, Let all come bow before Him. Who can compare with God the Lord? His glory none can compare. His name and works so wonderful, Praise Him and glorify His Name. Laud Him and honor His Name.  2 His knowledge and His wisdom vast, God's worth is unsearchable. His ways are all inscrutable, His judgments wondrous they are. Who can fathom the mind of God? Who can counsel the Lord Most High? There is no one beside God.     3 Our God is great, He fills the world, The earth serves as His footstool. Glorious the Light around His Throne, And this Light none can approach. This God has now revealed Himself, Mankind can now behold His works, The work He did to save us.     4 This God is so far but so near, He knows His own and calls them. He sees all things; no one can hide. He sees us all, none can hide. Darkness is light to Him the Lord. The midnight is as bright as day, There is no darkness in Him.     5 Our Holy God, the righteous God, His splendor shines so brightly. All those that taste the love of God, They shall be blessed with His peace. They shall have everlasting life, And they shall have eternal joy, These none can share with others.     6 The Heavn'ly Father of mankind, Deserves all praise and all thanks; The angels bow and worship Him, Join with us in this worship. All power belongs to Lord our God, Is any man like Jesus Christ? Let all on earth adore Him.

HYMN 460
1. Lovely is Thy dwelling Lovely is your place Lord of Hosts I love your dwelling My soul longs and faints for you For Thy courts I long Lord My heart had been waiting to be with you  2 With my heart and with flesh I sing praise to God Even sparrows long to find place In your courts to prepare nests There they lay their young ones Sparrows find a place at Thy altars Lord     3 Blessed are the people All that trust the Lord They have strength in Thee the Lord God With hearts set on Zions way As they go through valleys They make them a spring of life with blessings     4 Lord our God Lord of Host Hear our humble prayer Give ear to the prayer we offer God of Jacob hear us pray Our shield is Jehovah Look upon the face of Your anointed     5 For a day in Thy Courts Better than thousands I would rather be a keeper Keep the gates at your House Lord Save me from the wicked Set me far from tents of wicked men here

HYMN 461
1. Lord Jesus You came down From Fathers bosom came here You came to dwell with us Gods way and love to show us In all that You spoke here And in the works You did We magnify Your name We worship You our God  2 All those You called and chose They are Your people Jesus Keep them all safe on earth Keep them in Your Truth Jesus Spirit come dwell with us Come fill our hearts with love That we may utter praise Praise to the Lord our God     1 Lord Jesus You came down From Fathers bosom came here You came to dwell with us Gods way and love to show us In all that You spoke here And in the works You did We magnify Your name We worship You our God     2 All those You called and chose They are Your people Jesus Keep them all safe on earth Keep them in Your Truth Jesus Spirit come dwell with us Come fill our hearts with love That we may utter praise Praise to the Lord our God     5 Bless Lord the Word proclaimed Bless all the work we do here Feed us with food we need In green pastures Lord lead us Seek all those that are lost Lord heal those that are sick Those that sleep Lord awake Help those that are burdened     6 False teaching Lord prevent Protect Your people from such Bless us with sound doctrine Teach us the truth that blesses The dangers and all traps All that seek to destroy Protect us from them all Keep us in Your grace Lord     7 Bring home all scattered sheep Lord rescue and restore them Keep safe those that are home Strengthen and be with them all Fulfill Your Word O Lord Bring safely all sheep home And grant them hear Your voice Give them eternal life

HYMN 462
1. Blessed merciful Jehovah Lord my sin You have forgivn Now Im filled with joy eternal Now Im satisfied in faith O my soul give thanks with praises Great is Gods blessings we have Merciful He loved redeemed me Evil dungeon saved me from  2 I no longer dread the judgment For the Lord suffered for me Precious Blood Christ Jesus has shed My sin He has washed away Debt I owe my Lord is heavy So much more I cannot bear But for Jesus Christ who saved me Hell shall be my home always     1 Blessed merciful Jehovah Lord my sin You have forgivn Now Im filled with joy eternal Now Im satisfied in faith O my soul give thanks with praises Great is Gods blessings we have Merciful He loved redeemed me Evil dungeon saved me from     2 I no longer dread the judgment For the Lord suffered for me Precious Blood Christ Jesus has shed My sin He has washed away Debt I owe my Lord is heavy So much more I cannot bear But for Jesus Christ who saved me Hell shall be my home always     5 Wages due for sin is dreadful Distress this has caused me much None can stand Gods wrath and judgment Poor sinners shudder tremble Mediator for sinners has come Jesus Christ who pleads for us Christ is moved by all my pleadings Gracious merciful has been     6 No condemnation I dread now Christ has set me free has saved I am now reconciled with God Jesus has atoned for sin I am filled with joy eternal I shall praise and magnify Merciful Father has saved me I shall glorify His Name

HYMN 463
1. The grace of God eternal is His truth shall always stand The heavn and earth shall pass away Forever is Gods Love  2 God is not man like us on earth There is no lie in Him He is not flesh and blood like us That Hell repent of wrong     3 He promised grace to us on earth In this grace we now stand We shall not doubt we shall not fear God always keeps His Word     4 As God keeps promises He makes I do believe in Him My sin He shall forget ever But give eternal life     5 The grace of God is Jesus Christ Lord we believe in You In that great sacrifice for us Our sin is forgiven     6 My Savior You will keep me safe I trust in You O Lord Help me to follow You dear Lord And not to forsake You     7 Lord help me do the right always I must not stray from You Grant grace for me to live for You To please You always here     8 I wait for that Great Day O Lord The Day I shall see You I shall be with You ever more Your grace always abides

HYMN 464
1. I come to You with humble plea Forgive me Lord my sin I pray I cannot cleanse my soul from sin I cannot take away my sins  2 Freedom I seek from You O Lord This also is grace from You Lord I have Your grace and mercy now In this my sin is washed away     3 I come to claim Your promise Lord Jesus Christ stands in my place now I trust in grace of Christ alone Lord hear my humble cry to You     4 I now rely on Christ alone On His grace I depend in life I have salvation in His love I shall praise God and give Him thanks

HYMN 465
1. Our sin is now forgiven Rejoice you sorrowful ones Rejoice you are now free Jesus the Lord has done this In His Name we are saved now Gods promise is fulfilled in Christ  2 This Good News gives me great joy This shows how much God loves me His love for me is full I have much grace from Jesus With all my sin forgiven By faith in Jesus I am saved     3 What I have sought in this life What I need most of all things Is forgiveness for sin For those that die in sin here They suffer death eternal No forgiveness remains for them     4 In this life we have Gods grace We must seek blessings from Him Escape from sin and death Freedom from condemnation We must seek now in this life Believe in Jesus Christ the Lord     5 Lord Jesus I desire You Fill me with joy in this life Fullness of joy grant me When I come to You praying Spirit of God assure me That God loves me in Jesus Christ     6 When I must die and leave here Grant me Your joy as I leave Your grace is sufficient I have great hope in Jesus I shall be raised on that Day Therefore I shall die here in peace

HYMN 466
1. Burdened souls that thirst and hunger Laboring wearied pressed distressed There is news come now and listen Come and drink from that deep Well Lay your burdens rest from all your labors Lay your burdens and be satisfied with rest  2 Who is He that seeks to bless you Jesus Christ of God is He Christ the source of Living Waters Living Spirit find in Him Come now friend come drink deep from the Savior And your heart shall flow with living waters

HYMN 467
1. Have mercy on me O Lord Jesus My sin is great I cannot bear I am like Paul a chief of sinners Have mercy on me O my God Lord I was blind in unbelief But now I have received Your grace  2 Once I deserved Gods wrath and judgment But Christ came to me gave me life He saved me from my sin forgave me He cleansed me with His precious Blood Amazing grace that God should love Such pure love from the Lord our God     3 Now I proclaim this news to others Before all people I declare This life I have is from His mercy I shall declare with all my heart Before the Lord I bow and serve Merciful Lord Ill praise Your Name     4 I shall continue in His mercy No one can take this grace from me My boast in life is Christ my Savior In Him I have grace upon grace For this I pray beseeching Christ Grant me grace to proclaim Your love     5 You are so rich and full of mercy Take not your mercy from me Lord When death is near draw me to Heaven In Jesus death I have new life Soon I shall see my Lord at last I shall sing of His grace and love

HYMN 468
1. My righteousness garment and glory Come from the Blood that Jesus shed This I shall present before God With this Ill come before the Throne  2 In Blood of Jesus I shall boast In this I have unending joy By this I shall rejoice in death His Blood has spoken all is well     3 The Lamb of God that once was slain Died on the Cross at Calvary For all my sin He suffered death Behold my Lord and God of Love     4 When tempted in this flesh to sin When Jesus and His death I see Fresh courage I have to live now For all such sin Christ came to die     5 My faith is rooted in Jesus His promises are true and sure No condemnation now I dread Eternal life secured in Him     6 Sufficient is the Blood of Christ To pay for sin for all mankind Sufficient for eternity Eternal price God paid for us     7 What shall I render to my God Ill give Him praises and all thanks Living for Him in holiness Be faithful to my Lord till death     8 When Jesus I shall see in Heavn Ill join the Saints before the Throne To laud and praise and worship God And glorify the Lord my God

HYMN 469
1. Salvation from sin we have now God gave from His own glory No work of man can take away The sin we have committed By faith alone we have Gods gift The grace that came in Jesus Christ Jesus atoned for sinners  2 In the Commandments of the Lord No one can gain salvation The great Commandments point to sin Condemn and curse us bring death There is no strength in this frail flesh We cannot keep the Law of God In this we all are guilty     3 It was not for our righteousness God gave these great Commandments The Lord God knows none can please Him There is none who is righteous Against the Law we see our sin We see how wretched we all are The Law condemns and kills us     4 We have no power to save ourselves The flesh is strong and lustful The more we try to keep the Law The more sin is magnified Condemnation of God we face No flesh can meet Gods standards here We were all born as sinners     5 Because Christ Jesus satisfied What God expects of sinners All those that trust in Jesus Christ By faith are counted righteous Through Jesus death we have new life We now have new life in Jesus Our substitute is Jesus     6 I have no doubt You are Savior Your Word is Truth I believe There is no fear for sinners here For Christ has died to save us Those that believe in Jesus Christ And are baptized In Him as Lord They shall have life eternal

HYMN 47
1. Lord our God, the great Jehovah, Our sinful eyes cannot behold you, Yet you are close and near to us. None can think your thoughts, O Father, You are so great and fill the whole world, You are the Lord of all in all. You are the Lord the God, Alpha and Omega, Everlasting, Your greatness none can comprehend; Our knowledge is so small, compared.  2 The clouds form a seat for you Lord, The earth is like to you a footstool, We are so small, compared with you. What the Seraphim consider, The human knowledge can't imagine, Midnight and Day are same to you, Darkness and light alike, Are same before you Lord, There's no darkness In you O Lord, Your robe is light, You are the Holy Father, God.     3 Everlasting King, Jehovah, The universe you made, so mighty, All things we see display your power. Earth and heav'n you made in beauty, In power you sustain earth and heaven, You are the King of this whole world. In you is found knowledge. Righteous judgments you have, You are perfect. You are so pure, your thoughts are right, The everlasting God you are.     4 God of love, and God of mercy, The God of Truth, the God of glory, Resplendent are your attributes. You are bountiful in mercy, Such mercy we experience daily, Lord you are always merciful. Adam's race you do help, You help the small and great, You care for us. Wonderful God, you know our needs, Lord, grant us grace to love you more.     5 Be my Father, Lord, Jehovah, Your child Lord, I desire to be now, I seek to love you only Lord. All things here shall soon be no more, The Lord shall burn all that we see now, The Lord shall save His people then. You are our refuge Lord, The Savior of the world, Hallelujah. I long to see and praise you Lord, I glorify and worship you.

HYMN 470
1. True freedom is found in Gods love Grace of God for all sinners Trust in Christ the Lord and Savior Christ that died to save mankind  2 Freedom is in grace of Jesus Grace of Jesus removed curse When He shed His Blood at Calvry Christ atoned for sin for us     3 Freedom is through faith in Jesus Christ who God gave to mankind Have faith and believe in Jesus God shall save you in His love     4 Freedom is found in the Good News Word of God that Jesus spoke Come believe in Gods Truth only In His Word you shall be saved     5 Freedom in the Blood that Christ shed Blood of Jesus removes sin In Jesus we have forgiveness Blood of Christ makes us all clean     6 Therefore have faith in Christ Jesus Believe in Gods only Son God has cancelled all your sins now You are now a child of God

HYMN 471
1. Many are they that know not Christ Have not the Holy Ghost But those that are Gods children now Have grace and life in Christ  2 They see Christ Jesus crucified They see Him on the Cross They see the Blood He shed for them But have no peace in Him     3 Our Jesus is the Son of God Our Savior Jesus Christ He saved us from sin and evil He brought us back to God     4 We are not wise ignorant are The Father we know not In Christ alone the truth we have Wisdom abounds in Him     5 We are all sinners none is right We face the wrath of God But Jesus shed His precious Blood He is our Righteousness     6 Unrighteous cruel beings we are There is no hope for us Our righteousness is Jesus Christ In Him we all are clean     7 Lord Jesus help me trust in You Help me to follow You That I may not enter Gods

HYMN 472
1. Our faith in God is such a strong foundation This faith is solid nothing can destroy Faith is assurance of things we have hoped for Conviction that things are but not yet seen Nothing shall separate us from God Faith is rooted in God as child its parents bound  2 By faith the men of old received approval Divine approval they received in God They all were reckoned as righteous before God They looked not to what they can see in life They looked for city of the Lord City with foundations the builder is the Lord     3 By faith we know that God created this world By Word God made the universe and all All things we see and hear and touch and handle These things were made from what did not appear For God spoke and they came to be All things appeared at Gods command they all were made     4 By faith God reckons us as righteous people For by faith we appropriate Gods goodness Gods wrath and punishment shall be far from us For we have refuge in the Savior Christ He is the Father of our faith His righteousness is righteousness for all the Saints     5 By faith we wait for new life with Christ Jesus We wait for Kingdom of the Father now By faith we wait to see the face of Jesus We wait to see Gods face He who loves us Faith shall end when we see the Lord Love shall remain we shall be with Him evermore

HYMN 473
1. What blessed life we have in God If Christ is ours and we are His In truth we are united If Jesus is our Lord and God You have His glorious life in you You have all blessings in Him God shall bless those Who shall give their lives to Jesus Have faith in Christ They are blessed that trust in Jesus  2 The glamour of this world we see Many are those that seek such life Have pleasure in such vain life They feed but are not satisfied They drink but none can quench their thirst A vain life all they have here Troubles distress Disappointments bondage to sin All is wretched Death eternal waits all such men     3 In Jesus Christ a different life A life of fellowship so sweet In Jesus we have new life He gives us peace and joy in life In Christs Church we have family We have brothers and sisters Love joy goodness Faithfulness and peace and patience Forgiveness have Light of God we have in this life     4 From now I yield my life to Christ I shall not trust in mans wisdom I shall not live for this world The God Ive sinned so much against Is God who loves and has saved me I shall have peace in Jesus Take my life now From this day I yield all to you Make me yours now Let me serve You only Jesus     5 Lord save me from my pride and all And pour Your life into my life That I may have divine strength Fill all my life with Your Spirit That I may stand against the foe Victorious to be in life When that Day comes May I stand before Your Throne Lord Filled with all joy I shall be with You forever

HYMN 474
1. True faith is living faith in God In God Jehovah faith found Faith is not what we say in words Faith is in heart and soul mind Faith has its roots in God alone Its foundation is Jesus Christ None can debate faith in God  2 Those that yield heart and soul to God They have their trust in Jesus They hold to Jesus Christ the Lord He is their righteousness now They have true faith a living faith Faith that is fixed above in Heavn Not even death can shake it     3 Be not deceived boasting in faith When you have love for evil You cannot claim faith in the Lord When you dishonor Jesus Such faith is fake an empty faith Such faith is dead a useless faith It is not faith in Jesus     4 No one can have faith in the Lord Unless the Lord Himself grants Faith is a precious gift from God Pray for this gift from Jesus Pray that God shall increase your faith And strengthen you to bear much fruit Good works to show in all life

HYMN 475
1. Thou art the Way to Thee alone From sin and death we flee And he who would the Father seek Must seek Him Lord by Thee  2 Thou art the Truth Thy Word alone True wisdom can impart Thou only canst inform the mind And purify the heart     3 Thou art the Life the rending tomb Proclaims Thy conquering arm And those who put their trust in Thee Nor death nor hell shall harm     4 Thou art the Way the Truth the Life Grant us that Way to know That Truth to keep that Life to win Whose joys eternal flow Amen

HYMN 476
1. A glorious refuge now we have In Christ who saved my soul You healed me and restored my sight And now Lord I can see  2 Your glory comforts me in life Great joy I have in You When I believed in Jesus Christ Great glory now I see     3 In You I now have light to see All fear is gone from me Your glory brought me to this world The same shall bring me Home     4 Good promises I have in Christ In this I hope and long My heritage is Christ the Lord I shall have Christ at last     5 When flesh and strength all fade away And death comes close to me Eternal life Christ gives to me His glory I shall see

HYMN 477
1. Now I have found a sure foundation On which my soul shall rest secure Its in the wounds of Christ my Savior What God had planned from time of old Let earth and heaven pass away This sure foundation shall remain  2 Gods everlasting grace is with us No mind can comprehend such love His heart is open for all sinners His heart is full of love for us His mercy is so full and free Abundant mercy free for all     3 It is Gods wish that none should perish For this He seeks to save us all For this Christ came to die for sinners For this He died and rose again For this He seeks and waits for us For this He seeks and calls for us     4 The grave that swallowed sin for us all The grave in which the Savior laid Christ bound the wounds from sin for all men There is no condemnation now The Blood of Christ pleads for us all Have mercy Lord have mercy now     5 I shall respond and come to God now I shall trust in the Lord my God When sin molests and pricks my conscience I shall look to my Savior Christ The heart of Christ is full of love His mercy is forever more     6 If I shall lose all that I have here And give up pleasures here on earth If friends I have forsake and leave me And I am comfortless on earth No helper found in life on earth Your mercy shall remain for me     7 In all my life and in my service On this foundation I shall rest My mind shall dwell on this great treasure In this I shall depart this life Ill sing Gods praises now and ever To God of grace I shall give praise

HYMN 478
1. Faith is assurance of things hoped for Belief in what is yet to come It is conviction of things not seen Believes all things and hopes in all By faith in God all saints have travelled By faith the men of old did walk By faith they looked to things in Heaven By faith they looked for Home above  2 By faith we understand creation That God made all things by His Word We see the Saints of old like Abel Like Seth Enoch Noah Abram We see the life of faith of others We see Isaac Jacob and all Great faith they had such men of courage God counted this as righteousness     1 Faith is assurance of things hoped for Belief in what is yet to come It is conviction of things not seen Believes all things and hopes in all By faith in God all saints have travelled By faith the men of old did walk By faith they looked to things in Heaven By faith they looked for Home above     2 By faith we understand creation That God made all things by His Word We see the Saints of old like Abel Like Seth Enoch Noah Abram We see the life of faith of others We see Isaac Jacob and all Great faith they had such men of courage God counted this as righteousness     5 See Moses Gideon and king David We see Elijah the prophets They were all men of great faith in God Wonderful things they did by faith They conquered great kings of the nations They ruled with justice righteousness Gods promise they beheld from distance The things of earth they treasured not     6 By faith men women bore great suffering They were tortured suffered and died By faith they overcame temptations They did not compromise their stand They suffered mocking and affliction Some others were sawn into death This world was not worthy for all such This is the measure of great faith     7 God grant us grace for faith in Jesus Grant us to see our grievous sins Grant justification in Jesus Grant us eternal life and hope Grant us the grace to see Christs glory Deepen our faith for hope in Him When we see Jesus and His glory Faith shall come to an end for us

HYMN 479
1. Faith is great and conquers all things It is founded in the Lord Works of faith bear priceless treasures Great treasures they are than gold If you have great faith in Jesus There is nothing you cant do Faith fears not the powers of darkness It regards them nothing worth  2 Long before Christ Jesus was born And His works had not been seen Long before the powerful angels Saw the birth of Jesus Christ Many men and women had hoped For the promise God had made They did great things showing great faith Greater faith expected now     1 Faith is great and conquers all things It is founded in the Lord Works of faith bear priceless treasures Great treasures they are than gold If you have great faith in Jesus There is nothing you cant do Faith fears not the powers of darkness It regards them nothing worth     2 Long before Christ Jesus was born And His works had not been seen Long before the powerful angels Saw the birth of Jesus Christ Many men and women had hoped For the promise God had made They did great things showing great faith Greater faith expected now     5 By the grace we have in Jesus Let us fight the fight of faith By faith we overcome all things Overcome Satan and foes Saints of old that lived for Jesus Demonstrated such great faith Let us show same faith in Jesus Let us live by faith always

HYMN 48
1. The Lord is good glorious is His worship, The Father adopts us all now, His children. He loves us all with such a gracious love, His love is banner over us, His children. In this we have great courage in the Lord. The Lord is good.  2 The Lord is good, He so much loves His own, He chastises and shapes us to be like Him. The Lord is slow to anger and punish, When we are weak, He strengthens us, He heals us. Because of Jesus, God has loved us much. The Lord is good.     3 The Lord is good, He is compassionate, He is the fountain of life in Him we live. He seeks for us He does care for us all, He seeks that we hear His own Word, the Gospel. Which god is there that love his people thus. The Lord is good.     4 The Lord is good, yes our God is so good, In His bosom we all do rest, forever. By death the Lord brings to end all suffering, That He may receive His own into His peace. Our rest in Him shall be a rest so sweet. The Lord is good.     5 The Lord is good, we must bring thanksgiving, Come worship Him, praise His Name now and bow to Him. Come honor and come to glorify God, Come praise the Son and Holy Ghost, praise the Lord. Come praise the Lord for all His goodness here. The Lord is good.

HYMN 480
1. My faith in Christ now I declare to all men My faith now rests in the Lord of Host Firmly I trust in Jesus now and ever Why should I turn to idols on earth There is no savior for this world to find Salvation is in the Lord Jesus Christ Hallelujah Hallelujah  2 My faith in Christ now I declare to all men Let all men know my faith in Jesus For Christ alone has dealt with sin and saved me Fullness of Life in Him I now have To Him alone I surrender my life On Him I shall depend now and ever Hallelujah Hallelujah

HYMN 481
1. Everlasting Priest and Savior You are Lamb of God for me Living sacrifice I offer I shall praise You with my life  2 There is no love we can offer Save the Love from You our Lord Only through You we can offer Sacrifice pleasing to God     3 Cleanse my sin Lord purify me Cleanse my heart and mind and all Break my heart and tear all idols These have now caused me great pain     4 Break me burn me melt and mould me Make me new a child of Yours Change completely this poor nature Take the old being all away     5 In this new life I can offer Sacrifice acceptable Pleasing sacrifices offer To You Lord in all my life

HYMN 482
1. As the deer longs for streams Flowing streams of water Satisfy its thirst So my soul longs for Thee For the living God longs Gods face I must see I behold You in Jesus You have come to save the weary I desire You Father  2 I have nothing in life Nothing I desire here Nothing have in Heavn Life eternal and peace Everlasting joy too I cannot obtain Jesus You have loved mankind You have saved us and have purchased You we need in Heaven     1 As the deer longs for streams Flowing streams of water Satisfy its thirst So my soul longs for Thee For the living God longs Gods face I must see I behold You in Jesus You have come to save the weary I desire You Father     2 I have nothing in life Nothing I desire here Nothing have in Heavn Life eternal and peace Everlasting joy too I cannot obtain Jesus You have loved mankind You have saved us and have purchased You we need in Heaven

HYMN 483
1. Songs we must sing for Jesus we must Joyfully we must join to sing now We are His children He is our Lord Christ is our Head and Christ Lord of all  2 Savior that loves us we must praise His name We all love Jesus we give Him thanks From Satan He has rescued us all Christ is our Head and Christ Lord of all     3 We trust in Jesus we are safe in Him His Word is Truth and shall be ever If you believe in Christ you will live Christ is our Head and Christ Lord of all     4 Let everyone now come to Christ the Lord Come now receive from Him His blessings Freely we have freely He gives us Christ is our Head and Christ Lord of all

HYMN 484
1. Jesus our comforter and joy You are the source of Life and Light Nothing on earth shall satisfy We hunger Lord unless You feed  2 Your Truth O Lord shall always stand All those that come to You are saved Lord You are good to those that seek You welcome all who seek and trust     3 The Bread of Life on You we feed We long to have this Food always Thou Fount of Life from You we drink You satisfy our thirst in life     4 We long for You expectantly We long for You to be with us We long to see Your face O Christ When we are with You blessings have     5 Lord Jesus be so close to us Grant us Your peace in life always Cast out the darkness from our lives Light Holy from you fill our lives

HYMN 485
1. Jesus I shall never leave I shall cling to Him forever Jesus I must always trust He laid down His life to save me Jesus source of all my life I must trust and cling to Him  2 My soul longs for nothing here Nothing I desire in this life Jesus only and His Blood Saved me and had paid all wages He has saved my soul from hell Therefore I shall cling to Him     3 Jesus I shall never leave I shall always stand close to Him Jesus guide me all my life Lead me to the living waters Blessed is the one who says Jesus Christ I shall not leave

HYMN 486
1. One thing I desire to have in my life It is the food for my soul In the day or in the night or morning One thing only satisfies This is Jesus Christ who suffered for me How He labored hard faced death with courage In Gethsemane gardens Where His sweat became like blood  2 Jesus shall stand for me now and ever Great witness is Cross He bore On the cross my Savior died for sinners For my sin He suffered here Redeemed me He saved my soul on this cross Blood required He gave His Blood to save me He looked at me and He said It is finished all is done     1 One thing I desire to have in my life It is the food for my soul In the day or in the night or morning One thing only satisfies This is Jesus Christ who suffered for me How He labored hard faced death with courage In Gethsemane gardens Where His sweat became like blood     2 Jesus shall stand for me now and ever Great witness is Cross He bore On the cross my Savior died for sinners For my sin He suffered here Redeemed me He saved my soul on this cross Blood required He gave His Blood to save me He looked at me and He said It is finished all is done     5 Help me Lord not to forget this great love The great price You paid for me When I was lost in darkness in this world You sought me in great patience Good Shepherd You sought this lost sheep always Long before You heard the cry for mercy Now I see the great price paid Price You paid to save us all     6 Jesus You are mine now and forever All shall say Amen be it You are Star that shines for me in my life I shall need no other light I shall live and die in You my Jesus Now I seek to live for You my Jesus I shall live to please You Lord I shall sing Hallelujah

HYMN 487
1. Jesus who loves me whom I cherish Your love is sweet and satisfies From the great pit I come behold You I come to You my bosom friend The sorrow of the night shall vanish The night is past Your love I see now Your joy now comforts me O God Already Heaven is with me here Your love is great and full and lasting Such love I see in Jesus the Christ  2 This world shall be great enemy now Its treasures I shall now forsake The stores of earth shall bring provisions Grant me not place hope in such things In You alone I have great pleasure You are my hearts desire Lord always Ill trust in You there is none else This world cannot destroy me ever Come stormy seas and winds and anguish Lord You shall bear me through all these     3 When Sinais thunder fire alarms me And curses of the Law frighten When threats of death scare and alarm me I shall remember Golgotha I shall look at the Cross of Jesus There I shall know that Jesus saved me No thunder lightening fire can harm Let men rise up against Your servant No condemnation they can bring me Secure Ill be in You O my Lord     4 Death is so frightening people fear it But in You I have no such fear My life is hid in Christ my Savior My life is safe in Jesus Christ Let others live in fear of judgment I shall not fear the path I travel For all shall end well for the Saints With joy I shall thread through the darkness From darkness I shall soon see Morning And I shall dwell in peace always     5 Christ Jesus You my friend and treasure I have great joy in You always The sufferings of this world are nothing Not death can frighten me from You The joy and peace I taste in this life Be taste of Manna You will give me Great blessings wait for those in You I have no pleasure in earths treasures In Christ alone I have all pleasure Jesus is sufficient for me

HYMN 488
1. Thee will I love my strength forever Thee will I love Thou art my grace Thee will I love in all my endeavor Thro all temptations which I face Thee will I love my light Thou art Till breaks my yearning heart  2 Ah that so late I got to know Thee Exalted wondrous beauty Thou That I not sooner did confess Thee And found Thy true rest only now This is my deep regret and grief So late I found relief     3 I ran astray in deep confusion I searched but no where could Thee sight I turned from Thee in my delusion And loved the garish worldly light But now through Thee its been achieved Thy love I have perceived     4 I give Thee thanks Thou true Sun given That light to me Thy splendor brought I give Thee thanks Thou bliss from Heaven Who for me joy and freedom wrought I give Thee thanks O word so pure That Thou my ills doth cure     5 Thee will I love my crown O Thou art Thee will I love my Lord my God Thee will I love with all my heart In times of joy or painful lot Thee will I love my crown Thou art Till breaks my yearning heart

HYMN 489
1. The King of Love my Shepherd is Whose goodness faileth never I nothing lack if I am His And He is mine forever  2 Where streams of living water flow My ransomed soul He leadeth And where the verdant pastures grow With food celestial feedeth     3 Perverse and foolish oft I strayed But yet in love He sought me And on His shoulder gently laid And Home rejoicing brought me     4 In deaths dark vale I fear no ill With Thee dear Lord beside me Thy rod and staff my comfort still Thy Cross before to guide me     5 Thou spreadst a table in my sight Thy unction grace bestoweth And O what transport of delight From Thy pure chalice floweth     6 And so through all the length of days Thy goodness faileth never Good Shepherd may I sing Thy praise Within Thy House forever

HYMN 49
1. Our God is True and Faithful Father, He'll not forsake His children here. God will employ sorrow or pleasure, To keep His children in His will. The hopeless and the lost have hope now, God has provided Savior for all men.  2 Our God is True and Faithful Father, He holds and cherishes His own. He will not leave His own to perish, He comforts them and soothes their pain, And when we fear the wicked forces, With His own strength, God will [protect His own.     3 Our God is True and Faithful Father, He makes us friends with Him in Christ. I am convinced of God's salvation, He'll save me from the enemy. When I am tempted and discouraged, His covenant love shall renew my strength.     4 Our God is True and Faithful Father His promises are all so sure. He guides me by His light as pilgrim, I shall not stray from His safe paths. His Word is True, the food I need now, I shall have joy by keeping to His Word.     5 Our God is True, and Faithful Father, I seek to be a faithful child. Corruption of the flesh is much here, Lord, save me from this dreadful scourge. Help me to cling to you, dear Jesus, Give me your peace to live here on [this earth.

HYMN 490
1. Jesus only I have chosen No other name that I know He is all my Life and my Light Jesus Christ my joy and praise Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire  2 Jesus only I have chosen Wages of sin He has paid Light of Jesus too is my life In this my death shall be sweet Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire     1 Jesus only I have chosen No other name that I know He is all my Life and my Light Jesus Christ my joy and praise Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire     2 Jesus only I have chosen Wages of sin He has paid Light of Jesus too is my life In this my death shall be sweet Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire     5 Jesus only I have chosen He is beautiful glorious Jesus one who loves so dearly Jesus I shall always seek Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire     6 Jesus only I have chosen Distress in life come what may To Him I shall turn for succor Even in death Hell support Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire     7 Jesus only I have chosen Jesus is my hearts desire To Him I shall yield all my life To Him alone I belong Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire     8 Jesus only I have chosen In death I shall come to Him Make me one of Your saints Jesus Let me be among the saints Therefore Jesus I seek now Only trust Jesus come for me come now Come for me You alone I now desire

HYMN 491
1. Love of God is priceless treasure When shall this heart of mine seek You Be filled with this love I seek Lord now to show Your love Love so great that saved us all here Jesus Christ my Saviors Love  2 O wondrous love that transcends death No one can fathom such great love Angels can never know So deep such love wondrous story Love beyond the hosts of Heaven Love beyond all depths and heights     3 Love is found in God the Father Freely God has poured upon us Love we dont deserve I have wept much I have sought this Pleading always for Gods kind Love Best gift from You Lord I seek     4 How I seek to be with Jesus Be with You my Jesus always You only I need All I seek now all my joy here Grant my soul to hear Your sweet voice Bridegroom let me hear Your voice

HYMN 492
1. Who is He in yonder stall At whose feet the shepherds fall Refrain Tis the Lord O wondrous story Tis the Lord the King of Glory At His feet we humbly fall Crown Him crown Him Lord of all  2 Who is He in yonder cot Bending to His toilsome lot Refrain     3 Who is He in deep distress Fasting in the wilderness Refrain     4 Who is He who calls men here Fishermen He called to serve Refrain     5 Who is He that stands and weeps At the grave where Lazarus sleeps Refrain     6 Who is He the gathering throng Greet with Loud triumphant song Refrain

HYMN 493
1. Jesus You I love Lord in You I trust I commit to You my whole life Give heart soul and mind and body Gracious Savior Lord I am always yours  2 Lord I give You thanks Let me praise You Lord Let me walk before You always Grant me grace to keep Your Word Lord From evil save me Cleanse my heart from sin     3 Lord help me I pray Let me follow You Grant me Lord Your peace and patience Make me meek and humble servant Anger put away Remove pride from me     4 When Im tempted Lord Save me from all wrong Let not vain things overtake me Give me wisdom to pursue right When I yield to sin Help me to repent     5 Strengthen me O Lord Keep me always still Help me to plead for forgiveness Plead for mercy from the Father Like our children do Lord I seek Your grace     6 Holy Spirit come Be in me always Like a child receive and help me Jesus help me follow closely Come to You that Day Give me joy of Heaven

HYMN 494
1. Where is Jesus my beloved Where is my best friend who loves My beloved I long for You I shall run and search for You  2 My heart loves and seeks for Jesus Come my Lord and cleanse my sin Where is Jesus whom I love much Always I shall search for Him     3 Here I cry much in my struggles Where would I find Jesus Christ I shall seek Him till I find Him I shall have joy in His sight     4 O that I have wings to fly now I need wings to fly to Christ For I seek to be with Jesus My heart longs for Him alone     5 Jesus grant me to behold You I am waiting anxiously Let me dwell no longer in sin Let me see Your Holy face     6 You are fount of life for me Lord When I see You Jesus Christ I shall give up filthy living Give up what You hate O Lord     7 Give me peace Lord I desire this I have peace when You are near Gracious Jesus come live in me Always bless me with Your life

HYMN 495
1. The Light for revelation shines The Truth that shines for all Gentiles That glorious Light is Jesus The Root of Jacob and David My God and King the One I love You seek my heart to dwell in You are gracious You are lovely rich in mercy God Almighty You are worthy of all glory  2 Our hearts desire our souls treasure Is Jesus Christ Son of Mary Our King You came from Heaven Grant me to seek you with my heart Seek to be blessed with Word from You Your Word is Spirit blesses Fountain of Life Grant me to drink feed with Manna life so sweet give Give me grace to taste Your life Lord     1 The Light for revelation shines The Truth that shines for all Gentiles That glorious Light is Jesus The Root of Jacob and David My God and King the One I love You seek my heart to dwell in You are gracious You are lovely rich in mercy God Almighty You are worthy of all glory     2 Our hearts desire our souls treasure Is Jesus Christ Son of Mary Our King You came from Heaven Grant me to seek you with my heart Seek to be blessed with Word from You Your Word is Spirit blesses Fountain of Life Grant me to drink feed with Manna life so sweet give Give me grace to taste Your life Lord     5 Lord Jesus give me love of God Divine love pour into my heart Grant love from You flow through me Lord comfort me with Your presence Make me to dwell in You Jesus Come dwell in me Lord Jesus You Lord I seek I desire You Lord I seek You long for Jesus Fill me with Your Love dear Jesus     6 The glorious Light of God Ill see I long for this with all my heart I long to see Gods glory Christ Jesus You are my treasure Your Word and Spirit and Your Food Will satisfy me ever I plead with You Look upon me in Thy mercy when I draw near Seeking treasures in Your Word Lord     7 Jehovah Father Lord and God You loved me in the Lord Jesus Before creation loved me Christ Jesus called me back to You I am His Bride He loves me much A part of Jesus I am Blessings of peace Blessings of God joy life honor with His glory I shall praise my Lord forever     8 Sing to the Lord with shouts and claps With hymns and psalms praise God on High Loud sing to praise the Lord God Come and rejoice in Christ our Lord Our Bridegroom ready for us all Come ready to be with Him Rejoice worship Praise Christ Jesus worship adore and give glory Lift Him High praise Him forever

HYMN 496
1. There is none in this life before Christ There is none in this life after Him His Name is wonderful He is the mighty God Today He is He is the Lord Thanksgiving and worship we give to You We give thanks to your Name  2 In Christ Jesus death is not painful In you Lord we have fought sin and death The Lord strong in battle Our hope is in Jesus We look to you Come help us Lord You are behind us Christ the conqueror You are victorious Lord     1 There is none in this life before Christ There is none in this life after Him His Name is wonderful He is the mighty God Today He is He is the Lord Thanksgiving and worship we give to You We give thanks to your Name     2 In Christ Jesus death is not painful In you Lord we have fought sin and death The Lord strong in battle Our hope is in Jesus We look to you Come help us Lord You are behind us Christ the conqueror You are victorious Lord     5 Jesus Christ is our Lord Fathers Son Intercessor who we appreciate Jesus speak for your child Wretched Im before you Your love only Grace only Lord I shall praise Thee and magnify Thy Name Worship you ever more     6 Jesus Christ from the Father is King King of the heavens and of the earth You are the Mighty God You have riches honor With majesty We worship you We shall praise you and glorify your Name We glorify your Name

HYMN 497
1. What is there Christ has done for me From Heavens Canaan He came Suffered for me and died for me That I might have life above A crown of life awaits for us For all those that believe Him A crown Hell give to all His Saints Hell give to all of His friends Canaan land Canaan Who would love to be in Canaan Canaan Land of great delight I seek now to be there above  2 Ive made my mind Ill soon leave here To Zion now I must go I shall be found among Gods Saints I shall sing to praise my God When this life ends and sufferings cease In Zions City Ill be I shall be satisfied And have great peace with my Lord Zion Home Zion Who would love to be in Zion Zion Land of great delight I seek now to be there above     3 Who is seeking eternal life Heaven he seeks to be there Follow the Lord Jesus the Christ Hell take you all safely there There we shall see Jesus the Christ See Him as King in Heaven Hell bless us all His Saints above He will give us all Rest above Jesus Lord Jesus Who would seek the Lord Jesus Christ Jesus the Savior Lord God Come let us worship Jesus Christ     4 You a sinner seeking pardon And You have come for new life You are the one Christ calls today Eternal life He will give All that believe in Christ the Lord And trust Him as their Savior All those that seek the peace He gives Christ blesses all that seek Him Jesus Lord Jesus Who would seek the Lord Jesus Christ Jesus the Savior Lord God Come let us worship Jesus Christ

HYMN 498
1. Precious is your Name Lord Jesus It is music in my ears Spread the praise of Jesus always Spread on earth and in the heavens  2 You are precious priceless treasure In You I have all good things Riches of this world are nothing Wealth is like the dust of earth     3 In Your Name I have salvation You saved me from all my sin From all evil and all troubles From Satan and hell You saved     4 Bless me in Your Name Christ Jesus Fragrant Lord Your Name to me Heal me in this Name so precious Make me clean in Your Name Lord     5 Glorify Your Name O Jesus I shall glorify You Lord And when life shall end for me here I shall sing to praise Your Name

HYMN 499
1. My loving Savior He is Lord of all my life Jesus the Son of Mary is You only Ill love Ill glorify You You are my hearts desire dear Lord  2 The sun has splendor See how brightly shines its light More brightly than stars we see Jesus surpasses His glory excels Christs beauty nothing can compare     3 Angels are with God Faces shine so bright as light Christs beauty is more than all Christ is Lord of all Jesus my Savior I have no true love but You Lord

HYMN 5
1. To the Father, I'll bring praises, Vast your glorious nature is. You are God of earth and heaven, Lord who cares for all in life. Thy greatness, Thy might, Oh Father, Evident in all we see.  2 God of heaven, Lord Almighty, You are God, above all things. You created, all things living, By your Word you made the world. And you are the world's sustainer, Wondrous are your works Oh Lord.     3 Omniscient God, you know all things, Seasons and all times you know. Thousand years of life, before you, Are like nothing in your sight. You are everlasting Father, You remain forever God.     4 All creation, all living things, Are from you, and life you gave. What can separate us, from you Lord? You our God so ever near. For your Spirit dwells with us Lord, Life eternal, you have giv'n.     5 Lord of earth, and Lord of heaven, In you Lord, alone we trust. May we see you glorious Father, Worship you with all our hearts. Grant that we may fear you, love you, Grant that we may see Thy face.

HYMN 50
1. Jehovah, God, The Lord Almighty, praise Him. Omnipotent, Almighty God I know Him, I'll praise His glorious Name on earth.  2 What God desires, He does and that endureth, All things He made, He sustains all He made here, That they may not perish in life.     3 Holy is God, There is no sin in Lord God, He is the Head, All things are subject to Him, His Throne is everlasting Throne.     4 The Lord is God, He is sufficient Lord God, He is so full, With love and grace and mercy, All things are possible with Him.     5 What is in heav'n, And what we find on this earth, He knows all things, He is Omniscient Lord God, All things are visible to Him.     6 The Lord is near, He searches me and knows me, He knows me well, My goings out and comings, My ways in life, He fully knows.     7 My mind God knows, My troubles are no barrier, He hears my cries; He is ready to help me, His eyes are always on me here.

HYMN 500
1. O Jesus Jesus Son of God Our High Priest and Intercessor We love You Lord and cherish You know my heart and know all things You know I truly love You Lord In You there is no darkness I love You Lord With my heart I love You Jesus You I seek Lord Seek You with my heart and being  2 Lord I confess to You a pain My love for You is incomplete I have not loved You fully When I perceive Your love O God I feel ashamed of my poor love My love for You is so small Grant Lord Your love Fill my heart now be in my soul and my being Fill my life with love from You Lord     3 For those that love You from the heart You love them and You give them peace You fill their hearts with gladness Their joy is not joy of the world But joy in trouble and suffering Joy in all circumstances Joy they shall have Joy eternal lasting pleasure You shall give them Sorrow and all tears shall soon cease     4 Ill soon shall taste of Gods great love Partake of blessings sweet in Him Enjoy His holy blessings Ill soon shall see Gods holy face With these eyes I shall then see Him I shall not tremble nor fear Soon I shall drink Living waters And be clothed in Gods righteousness I shall always be before Him

HYMN 501
1. Jesu the very thought Thee With sweetness fills my breast But sweeter far Thy face to see And in Thy presence rest  2 Nor voice can sing nor heart can frame Nor can the memory find A sweeter sound than Thy blest Name O Savior of mankind     3 O hope of every contrite heart O joy of all the meek To those who fall how kind Thou art How good to those who seek     4 But what to those who find ah this Nor tongue nor pen can show The love of Jesus what it is None but His loved ones know     5 Jesus our only joy be Thou As though our prize wilt be Jesu be Thou our glory now And through eternity

HYMN 502
1. When the Lord restored the fortunes To Zion captives returned We were like those who were dreaming Sleeping at night and dreaming We shall live in freedom then We shall laugh so joyfully And our tongues shall sing Gods praises We shall laud and praise our Savior  2 Lord have mercy on Your people Lift Your face and see our grief Lost dispersed servants bring back Lord Bring them to the Fathers fold Hard and long the journey is Grant temptations soon to end When weve fought the evil forces Bring us to a perfect rest then     1 When the Lord restored the fortunes To Zion captives returned We were like those who were dreaming Sleeping at night and dreaming We shall live in freedom then We shall laugh so joyfully And our tongues shall sing Gods praises We shall laud and praise our Savior     2 Lord have mercy on Your people Lift Your face and see our grief Lost dispersed servants bring back Lord Bring them to the Fathers fold Hard and long the journey is Grant temptations soon to end When weve fought the evil forces Bring us to a perfect rest then     5 We shall soon reap much rejoicing What we sowed in tears on earth He that goes forth sowing weeping With loud shouts he shall come home God who sits enthroned on High He shall recompense us all All His good and faithful servants Theyll have great joy in Gods reward

HYMN 503
1. Safe in the arms of Jesus safe on His gentle breast There by His love oershaded sweetly my soul shall rest Hark tis the voice of angels borne in a song to me Over the fields of glory over the crystal sea Refrain Safe in the arms of Jesus safe on His gentle breast There by His love oershaded sweetly my soul shall rest  2 Safe in the arms of Jesus safe from corroding care Safe from the worlds temptations sin cannot harm me there Free from the blight of sorrow free from my doubts and fears Only a few more trials only a few more tears Refrain     3 Jesus my hearts dear Refuge Jesus has died for me Firm on the Rock of Ages ever my trust shall be Here let me wait with patience wait till the night is over Wait till I see the morning break on the golden shore Refrain

HYMN 504
1. What glorious blessings have as lambs of Jesus For Jesus Christ Good Shepherd cares for you There is no safer place youll find here on earth Than in Christ Jesus Lamb of God Shepherd What this world cannot offer us That we now have in Jesus Christ the Lamb of God  2 This Shepherd will provide green pastures for you Hell lead you always by streams of waters His glorious beauty none has seen nor witnessed Of His majesty we have but a glimpse Here on earth we have life of Christ Life everlasting we have life eternal now     3 See how the death of Gods saints is so peaceful For they are in the arms of Christ the Lord Death Christ destroyed forever by His own Death Therefore death cannot frighten when it comes The flesh shall die and turn to dust The soul shall live eternal no corruption see     4 The sheep shall lay in bosom of the Shepherd The Shepherds watchful eyes are on the sheep No angry wolves shall come devour the Lords sheep For those who live by faith shall overcome They are secure forever more They shall not end in death they shall not fear death here     5 We now have taste of glory and of worship But soon well have eternal joy in Christ The Lamb of God shall feed His sheep in Heaven By water of life Jesus shall feed them All shall be plain on that great Day Great glory we shall bring to Jesus Christ our Lord

HYMN 505
1. Why should I grieve sorrowful be If I have Jesus Christ Who can take Him from me Who can take away my blessings Jesus gave all to me By faith I shall hold Him  2 Naked came I this world of sin When I first breathed the air Life began for me here Naked shall I leave this life here When this life ends in death Like a mist of life be     3 Flesh blood and life and strength and all The soul too with spirit God gave all for me here When God takes from me these blessings Him Ill praise all are His Joyfully Ill praise Him     4 When I bear the cross of pain here When I suffer much pain I shall not fear evil Sovereign God who acts best for me He acts best in His time His relief shall soon come     5 In His time He will send relief With all joy and goodness The cross I will bear then God is good and full of mercies He prescribes what we need He will never leave us     6 Satans agents demons and foes Cannot overcome us Only mock Gods people They come laughing denigrating Immanuel God with us He will vindicate us     7 Death cannot destroy your life now It is needful event It releases the soul Death frees us from suffering on earth It opens door for us It sets path to Heaven

HYMN 506
1. Come to me you that labor Jesus says to you today He shall bear your burdens great He shall give you rest in Him  2 You who men have so deceived Beguiled you and made you blind Listen to the Word of Christ Darkness in you shall be light     3 Burdened with sin and the curse Sorrowful you mourn in life When you turn to Jesus Christ He will not cast you away     4 When you turn away from sin And believe in Jesus Christ He will take away your sin Life eternal He shall give

HYMN 507
1. God is my light my salvation Whom shall I fear then in this life I shall lack nothing good then I have delight in Gods own Word Pleasure I have in Gods Spirit And I have peace in my soul  2 God lives in me and I in Him And nothing shall come separate us Eternal covenant this The Father gave His own Son In Christ I have all Gods blessings Now I am rich in Jesus     3 All pleasures that I find in life Attractive lustful things on earth They satisfy no longer Our Savior give Your Manna now Eternal life eternal peace More precious blessings we seek     4 No longer should I live for self Jesus now lives in me Im His My hope is in Christ Jesus I do believe in Jesus Christ I trust the Lord and hope in Him Soon I shall be with Him in Heavn

HYMN 508
1. What God ordains is always good What He permits is best here My life He ordered best for me I shall be still before Him My God is good He knows all things Hell be with me in all things Ill therefore leave all to Him  2 What God ordains is always good He gives what is best for me In paths of righteousness He guides Joyful He makes me always Gods glory is my hearts desire Hell soon end all my sufferings Safe I am in Him always     3 What God ordains is always good Remember me O Lord now Wonderful God my Savior is Remedy from Him potent Hell not forsake His chosen ones Ill lean on Jesus always And claim His gracious mercies     4 What God ordains is always good He is my light and my life No evil He will grant for me On Him I shall depend here I shall then lean on Him always In sorrow or joy Ill trust His truth abides forever     5 What God ordains is always good I shall believe in His Word Although the path is hard to tread I shall press on till death comes My Lord and God Jehovah is His mighty Hand sustains me Ill therefore leave all to Him

HYMN 509
1. My soul yield not to despair Loose not hope in pain and grief When the Lord regards you not In a way He does for some Be content with God alone In Him you have all you need  2 You and all of Gods children Shall not seek vain treasures here For Gods children here on earth Sojourners they are on earth For the Lord your Sovereign God Shall provide manna you need     3 Flesh and all its craving needs Should not rule your life on earth For your true inheritance Is with God in heavn above Everlasting joy is there Everlasting peace shall have     4 Foolish men with anxious care Toil for perishable food But God gives to those He loves Wealth imperishable rich Royals of the Lord the King Seek their heritage so full     5 See great treasures of this life Things that you desire to have But all these that men possess They cannot take them away At the grave where we shall rest We shall have none of these things     6 Live to please the Lord your God Look to Him and please Him here What He gives you here is best By His plans and purpose gives If they bring you much pain here Trust the Lord Hell bless at last

HYMN 51
1. None compares with you, Dear Lord Jesus Christ. You are Life and Joy and Savior, You are source of all my being, Son of God, my Lord, None compares with you.  2 Full life you gave me, You came, rescued me. You are God of my salvation, By your death, you gave me new life. By the Blood you shed, You restored my soul.     3 Light of God you are, Christ, eternal Lord. You gave up your life to save us, You became flesh like all humans. When God's time had come, Light of God appeared.     4 Christ, victorious God, You are Savior Lord. You took sin away to save us, Lord, you conquered death and Satan. From this sacrifice, We have all been blessed.     5 When I leave this earth, Grant me peace in death. Bring me to be with you Jesus, Clothe me in your righteousness, God. Grant that I might be, At your right side, Lord!

HYMN 510
1. Living faith I have now Precious faith this is Faith that comes from Jesus Full of life it brings Priceless gift from Jesus Gift most wonderful Faith true faith this is a Precious gift from God  2 Living faith I have now Not faith from this world Precious faith from Jesus In His Blood such faith Those that seek destruction Turn their backs to God In the time of death they Shall all run from God     1 Living faith I have now Precious faith this is Faith that comes from Jesus Full of life it brings Priceless gift from Jesus Gift most wonderful Faith true faith this is a Precious gift from God     2 Living faith I have now Not faith from this world Precious faith from Jesus In His Blood such faith Those that seek destruction Turn their backs to God In the time of death they Shall all run from God     5 Chosen ones of Jesus Gods elected ones In Christ you have new life Freedom you have now Precious Blood of Jesus In this you are free Jesus who has conquered Sits with God on High     6 Therefore come to Jesus Come now to the Lord Crown of life so precious He gives all His own Holy Spirit seeks you To the Savior bring Branches of the Vine we May all be in Christ

HYMN 511
1. Jesus is my hearts joy I desire You Jesus You Ill glorify What is there to frighten Frighten me in this life Jesus is with me Gods own Son I love You much Nothing pleases me than Jesus You alone I love Lord  2 I shall hide in You Lord Refuge safe is Jesus No evil can touch Satan shall be worried Demons shall be frightened You are mine O Lord Thunder lightening all perils Danger and all persecutions Jesus Christ protects me     1 Jesus is my hearts joy I desire You Jesus You Ill glorify What is there to frighten Frighten me in this life Jesus is with me Gods own Son I love You much Nothing pleases me than Jesus You alone I love Lord     2 I shall hide in You Lord Refuge safe is Jesus No evil can touch Satan shall be worried Demons shall be frightened You are mine O Lord Thunder lightening all perils Danger and all persecutions Jesus Christ protects me     5 Principalities powers Death and life and things here None can harm me here Madness is this worlds life True life is in Jesus In Him I rejoice God Himself protects me Devils and all hell do know this Silent be before God     6 All things here shall perish Therefore trust in Jesus Lasting grace He gives The vain glories of life Transient they shall not last Pleasures too shall cease What can separate us from God Neither death nor angels can do Neither suffering nor pain     7 Spirit of depression Get behind me leave me I have joy in Christ All the Saints of Jesus Suffer much in this life But great blessings have I may suffer shame in life But I have great hope in Jesus He is source of all joy     8 Father God in Heaven Hallowed be Thy Name now Your Kingdom shall come Give us daily bread Lord Forgive our trespasses Cover all our sin From evil deliver us Lead us not into temptation Father hear our prayer

HYMN 512
1. Christians who are good and faithful They shine like stars in Heavn They are so beautiful Who the Lord Himself has so cleansed They are children of God Christ their elder Brother  2 Kingdom of this world and crowns here They are of no value They shall all soon perish Crown of life that God has for you You shall surely have soon It is safe in Heaven     3 Glory of the Lord is hidden Hidden from all mankind It is hidden covered Glory of God shall soon be seen Its hidden in the Lord Glory God shall reveal     4 Jesus Bridegroom of His Church here Knows the pain of the Bride He prepares the Bride well Comfort He brings to His Bride here He makes her beautiful Jesus loves the Bride much     5 The Bride shall rejoice with great joy When she sees the Bridegroom Come to her from Heaven When this Day comes for the Bridegroom Hell be one with the Bride Nothing shall separate them     6 She shall reign with Christ in Heaven Everlasting Kingdom Precious jewels all seen On that Day all people shall know That Jesus is so great All shall bow and worship

HYMN 513
1. Our Jesus Lord You the Savior We come to You Lord You are the Savior Who has life in himself None but the Lord Jesus We come to You Lord You are the Savior  2 Our Jesus Lord you are Savior We come to You Lord that youll save us now Who is the one who died Jesus You are the One We come to You Lord You are the Savior     3 Christ Jesus Lord the light of Life We come to You Lord you eternal Light Who took darkness away Jesus Christ You did so We come to You Lord You the light of Life     4 Christ Jesus the Way to Heaven We come to You Lord show us way to Heavn Who is the one to save Jesus You are the One We come to You Lord show the way to Heavn

HYMN 514
1. Christians expect the coming of Jesus Christs Word is sure and His promises stand In stormy winds of life and in all dangers He is with us in the boat of our lives When I have troubles faced with persecutions In Christ alone I must trust and hold to Him  2 Should there be famine with nothing to eat here The land be dry with no water or rain Let scorching sun dry out crops in our farmlands Our lands may be dry and hard as the stone The peace we have in Christ shall remain ever For we know God our creator lives and reigns     3 The good you seek in this life and all blessings They are beyond the grave and life on earth Heaven shall be yours why worry in this life Be not afraid nor distressed child of God Take heart you servants of Jesus the Savior Be still and know that the Lord our Lord is God     4 Gods lasting peace and His joy shall be for you With life eternal and all blessings give You shall have riches abundant in Heaven And shall rejoice with all angels and saints Soon the Lord shall come with glory and power Hell gather Home all His children from the earth     5 To Jesus Christ all authority given In Him we all shall be strong and endure You are exalted Your Name is above all You are the Comforter for the fearful Grant us Your grace to wait upon the Father Patiently wait on Him who shall vindicate

HYMN 515
1. Rise up and come to Jesus Why are you cast down low Why are you sorely troubled And worried with great fear Let not the devil trick you He seeks you to destroy He seeks to steal joy from you The joy the Savior gives  2 Lift up your head and say now Get behind me Satan You seek to harm with venom You seek to steal my joy Your head Jesus crushed destroyed His Blood availed for me His Blood has cleansed and purchased Eternal life I have     1 Rise up and come to Jesus Why are you cast down low Why are you sorely troubled And worried with great fear Let not the devil trick you He seeks you to destroy He seeks to steal joy from you The joy the Savior gives     2 Lift up your head and say now Get behind me Satan You seek to harm with venom You seek to steal my joy Your head Jesus crushed destroyed His Blood availed for me His Blood has cleansed and purchased Eternal life I have     5 The world cries out to tell me I am not loved by God This is not true is falsehood A great lie they proclaim If God hates mankind truly He shall not give His Son To die to save us sinners Hell not bless me this much     6 I am Gods own child truly He is mine evermore Who shall break bond between us Not Christ who died for us My God has plans for me here Suffering He may allow His will expresses for me All things shall come to pass     7 All believers must note this And not lose heart again The present suffering and pain Shall be replaced with joy Come then to Christ rejoicing Sing to the Lord and praise Him Come glorify and worship The Lord shall act Amen

HYMN 516
1. To You Lord I lift up my soul O my God in Thee Ive trusted Let me not be put to shame You my God shall help me through  2 When Your help seems far away Lord Help me to be still before You For Your time is always right You have perfect plans for us     3 As a father waits for right time To give what his children will need So the Lord does for His saints He gives to us what we need     4 I rejoice in God my Savior I still trust Him in my sufferings For He knows and cares for me More than earthly parents do     5 I can boast before the devil And can smile at evil he does Cross I bear I dread that not God my Father is with me     6 I shall smile when death approaches I shall boast of grace of Jesus All who envied and hated God has made me His own friend     7 If I have the Lord my Savior I shall give up all I have here Even in death in the grave Lord You are my life and all

HYMN 517
1. The sorrows of this present earth All pleasures too on earth None can compare with life in Heavn Eternal joy well have  2 Dwell not on vanities of life Seek not pride riches here Sorrow and pain may have But Jesus Christ is all in all     3 I seek no treasures of this life They do not last for long In Christ alone I hope Eternal life I have in Him

HYMN 518
1. Hold Thou my hands dear Jesus Lead Thou me on Be with me always throughout Depart not Lord This life I cannot travel Fearful it is If You will not go with me Ill neither go  2 My faint heart strengthen Jesus In You abide In joy and in all sorrow This heart make still Grant me abiding peace God Peace from You Lord When raging storms are oer me Be near me Lord     1 Hold Thou my hands dear Jesus Lead Thou me on Be with me always throughout Depart not Lord This life I cannot travel Fearful it is If You will not go with me Ill neither go     2 My faint heart strengthen Jesus In You abide In joy and in all sorrow This heart make still Grant me abiding peace God Peace from You Lord When raging storms are oer me Be near me Lord     5 When doubts and fears assail me Help me dear Lord You are my Rock and Shield Lord In You I trust Hold Thou my feeble hands Lord Help me O God And guide me through life Jesus To Home bring me

HYMN 519
1. Who would true valor see Let him come hither One here will constant be Come wind come weather Theres no discouragement Shall make him once relent His first avowed intent To be a pilgrim  2 Who so beset him round With dismal stories Do but themselves confound His strength the more is No lion can him fright Hell with a giant fight But he will have a right To be a pilgrim     1 Who would true valor see Let him come hither One here will constant be Come wind come weather Theres no discouragement Shall make him once relent His first avowed intent To be a pilgrim     2 Who so beset him round With dismal stories Do but themselves confound His strength the more is No lion can him fright Hell with a giant fight But he will have a right To be a pilgrim     5 Hobgoblin nor foul fiend Can daunt his spirit He knows he at the end Life shall inherit Then fancies fly away Hell fear not what men say Hell labor night and day To be a pilgrim

HYMN 52
1. Our gracious God, is full of mercy, Who shall comprehend such great love? Let not your heart be hardened, sinner, Come to Him, give Him thanks for love. His love is full and free for us all, I must praise Him for He is good. He has not forgotten us sinners, I shall not forget Christ the Lord.  2 Who gives me life to move about here? I regard not God who gives life. Who watches over me, protects me? I rebel against God that keeps. God suffers long and waits patiently, God is slow to express His wrath. He waits for me to seek His mercies, He pardons sin, a new heart gives.     3 Should I have no regard for Jesus? Should I not worship Christ the Lord? He calls me always, I must listen, And follow Him, walk in His ways. His Word I have now hid in my heart, His Word is sure, is truth indeed. His Word shows me to love God always, Love others as, I love myself.     4 Thy gracious works are all before me, I shall not forget all your works. Fill me and bless me with your Love, Lord, That I might please you, love you Lord. In trouble and in suffering in life, Remind me of your love for me, And when I breathe my last on this earth, Remind me of your love for me.

HYMN 520
1. O Jesus I have promised To serve Thee to the end Be Thou forever near me My Master and my Friend I shall not fear the battle If Thou art by my side Nor wander from the pathway If Thou wilt be my Guide  2 O let me feel Thee near me The world is ever near I see the sights that dazzle The tempting sounds I hear My foes are ever near me Around me and within But Jesus draw Thou nearer And shield my soul from sin     1 O Jesus I have promised To serve Thee to the end Be Thou forever near me My Master and my Friend I shall not fear the battle If Thou art by my side Nor wander from the pathway If Thou wilt be my Guide     2 O let me feel Thee near me The world is ever near I see the sights that dazzle The tempting sounds I hear My foes are ever near me Around me and within But Jesus draw Thou nearer And shield my soul from sin     5 O let me hear Thee speaking In accents clear and still Above the storms of passion The murmurs of self will O speak to reassure me To hasten or control O speak and make me listen Thou guardian of my soul     6 O Jesus Thou hast promised To all who follow Thee That were Thou art in Glory There shall Thy servant be And Jesus I have promised To serve Thee to the end O give me grace to follow My Master and my Friend     7 O let me see Thy footprints And in them plant mine own My hope to follow duly Is in Thy strength alone O guide me call me draw me Uphold me to the end And then in Heaven receive me My Savior and my Friend

HYMN 521
1. My Lord to You I yield my heart It is my gift to You It is Your own You gave me all I give it back to You  2 Break me and melt my heart for You Mould it to worship You And set it free from pride and self With tearful joy I give     3 Lord strengthen faith I have in You The Blood You shed is power By this Im sealed as Your own child Forgiveness have for sin     4 Your righteousness and life from You Give me as gift dear Lord You took away sin of this world You paid all wages due     5 The Light of God that shines in us The light that shows the truth Take darkness falsehood hate away And lead me right in life     6 Help me a faithful servant be Faithful to You my God Temptation to distract is great Wisdom of this world traps     7 Lord take my heart and make it Yours I yield it all to You When I complete the journey here Then I shall be with You     8 I leave the pleasures of this world My heart I give to Christ I give it to You as a gift Now and for evermore

HYMN 522
1. My soul hear now the Word of God The Word of Christ Your Lord Obey His voice and follow Him When You His voice shall hear  2 Be humble meek and lowly then Praise God for all His gifts And give Him thanks for chastening you The best He gives always     3 When Jesus Christ glory reveals Bestows His gifts on you Remember this is grace from Him His grace He gives to all     4 When Jesus calls to work with you Rise up and follow Him When He has other plans for you Silently wait on Him     5 My soul give all to Christ your Lord Give heart mind and spirit In life in death and evermore Give Him eternal praise

HYMN 523
1. Christ the Lord is King of glory In You we have strength we need You did not abhor the Virgin Marys womb You chose to be You have carried all our burdens All diseases Lord You healed In Your glorious Resurrection Your Church established in us  2 Gracious Lord full of compassion You have saved us from our sin On the Cross you died for sinners New life we all have in You Grant us to be faithful servants Fill us with Your Spirit Lord Sin forgiven we have new life Your Church establish in us     1 Christ the Lord is King of glory In You we have strength we need You did not abhor the Virgin Marys womb You chose to be You have carried all our burdens All diseases Lord You healed In Your glorious Resurrection Your Church established in us     2 Gracious Lord full of compassion You have saved us from our sin On the Cross you died for sinners New life we all have in You Grant us to be faithful servants Fill us with Your Spirit Lord Sin forgiven we have new life Your Church establish in us     5 Gracious gifts You gave to all men Varied gifts y You gave the Church Lord inspire faith love within us Take away selfcentered life In our varied missions on earth Gracious Spirit help us all Grant us meekness like You Jesus Your Church establish in us     6 By our work and love we preach You We reveal You to the world Lord You know how frail we all are Strengthen us to live for You In humility and meekness Make us be like You O Lord Let Your Kingdom come O Jesus Your Church establish in us

HYMN 524
1. Must I go and empty handed Thus my dear Redeemer meet Not one day of service give Him Lay no trophy at His feet Refrain Must I go and empty handed Must I meet my Savior so Not one soul with which to greet Him Must I empty handed go  2 Not at death I shrink or falter For my Savior saves me now But to meet Him emptyhanded I shall be ashamed in Heavn Refrain     1 Must I go and empty handed Thus my dear Redeemer meet Not one day of service give Him Lay no trophy at His feet Refrain Must I go and empty handed Must I meet my Savior so Not one soul with which to greet Him Must I empty handed go     2 Not at death I shrink or falter For my Savior saves me now But to meet Him emptyhanded I shall be ashamed in Heavn Refrain     5 O the years in sinning wasted Could I but recall them now I would give them to my Savior To His will Id gladly bow Refrain     6 O ye Saints arouse be earnest Up and work while yet tis day Ere the night of death oer take thee Strive for souls while still you may Refrain

HYMN 525
1. Son of God eternal Savior Source of Life and Truth and Grace Son of Man whose birth incarnate Hallows all our human race Thou our Head who is in Heavn For Thine own You ever plead Fill us with Thy love and pity Heal our wrongs and help our needs here  2 As Thou Lord has lived for others So may we for others live Freely have Thy gifts been granted Freely may Thy servants give Thine the gold and silver all Thine the wealth of land and sea We but stewards of Thy bounty Held in solemn trust for Thee O Lord     1 Son of God eternal Savior Source of Life and Truth and Grace Son of Man whose birth incarnate Hallows all our human race Thou our Head who is in Heavn For Thine own You ever plead Fill us with Thy love and pity Heal our wrongs and help our needs here     2 As Thou Lord has lived for others So may we for others live Freely have Thy gifts been granted Freely may Thy servants give Thine the gold and silver all Thine the wealth of land and sea We but stewards of Thy bounty Held in solemn trust for Thee O Lord     5 Come O Christ and reign among us King of Love and Prince of Peace Hush the storm of strife and passion Bid its cruel discords cease Ah the past is dark behind In the darkness we all walked But before us gleams the vision Vision of the coming brotherhood     6 See the Christlike host advancing High and lowly great and small Linked in bonds of common service For the common Lord of all Thou who prayedst Thou who willest That Thy people should be one Grant O grant our hope for much fruit Here on earth Thy will be done O Lord

HYMN 526
1. Come saints of Christ come fight the foe Be victorious as soldiers In this world and in all our lives There is no peace around us All those that would not fight the foe They shall not have the crown of life  2 The devil comes so craftily Pleasure of flesh and lust brings Forsake the flesh forsake its lusts These are temptations trappings If you shall not forsake the flesh You shall not be victorious     3 Remember that you promised God Youll fight the fight against flesh The Lord regarded you valiant He sent you into battle Those that will not fight for the Lord They shall not have joy of the Lord     4 In this great fight turn not your back But stand face to face and fight Leave not the fortress in this fight For then the devil shall hurt Do not surrender to evil This shall be great defeat for you     5 The victors that come from the fight They shall be rulers with God Jesus shall welcome all warriors They shall receive great honor The Name of God Jesus shall write A new Name He shall write for them     6 My brethren fight the good fight now For you shall win the battle With great courage perseverance God shall fulfill His promise Be faithful to the Lord till death A crown of life He shall give you

HYMN 527
1. Come follow Jesus Christ the Lord Follow the Lord Almighty Be careful in this life of sin Hear Him obey Him servants If any man will follow me Himself deny the cross to take  2 I am the Light Christ Jesus said Holy He is before you The way to life is by His Light There is no other way friend I am the Way the Truth the Life Jesus said to all who seek Him     3 Learn from the Lord learn from His life The Lord so humble loving The Lord who is the Word of God He treasured Scriptures believed Grant that my mind my spirit all Dwell on the Lord and follow Him     4 Flee from all passions of this world Flee fornication sinful Pride sinful life put all away Let not your heart desire these Your life is rooted in the Lord In Christ you have a hope of Heavn     5 When you are pressed on every side Jesus is near to help you He will protect defend you friend He will deliver and save The enemy shall flee from you Hell flee when Jesus Christ appears     6 Come now with heart and soul and mind Come follow Jesus Christ now Come suffer with the Lord Jesus The hope of glory will share Be faithful unto death dear friend The crown of life Jesus will give

HYMN 528
1. All you that follow Jesus Christ True Saints of God arise Come one come all His trumpet calls The clarion call He sounds His banner has been raised Come now come soon to Him Come all you Saints of God the Lord Come now the trumpet calls  2 All you who seek to serve the King Come now and wait for Him His Spirit He will give to you To serve Him well and true He comes with great reward For those who serve Him now The hidden Manna He will give Rich clothes Hell give to you     1 All you that follow Jesus Christ True Saints of God arise Come one come all His trumpet calls The clarion call He sounds His banner has been raised Come now come soon to Him Come all you Saints of God the Lord Come now the trumpet calls     2 All you who seek to serve the King Come now and wait for Him His Spirit He will give to you To serve Him well and true He comes with great reward For those who serve Him now The hidden Manna He will give Rich clothes Hell give to you     5 You soldiers put your armor on And watch and pray always Be ready for the battle now You may be on your own With Gods Word in your hand His promises believe For soon the battle shall be oer Sweet victry shall be yours     6 The field for battle is this world Satan the enemy He comes deceiving with sweet things To compromise our faith He also persecutes In great anger he fights So hold firmly to Jesus Christ That you may stand the foe     7 Remember that Jesus the Lord Himself is in this fight He suffered pain and toil and death Through which the glory came He will help you quite through He loves His dear ones here Hell bring them Home to glory soon Eternal blessings give

HYMN 529
1. Jesus still lead on Till our rest be won And although the way be cheerless We will follow calm and fearless Guide us by Thy Hand To our Fatherland  2 If the way be drear If the foe be near Let not faithless fears oertake us Let not faith and hope forsake us For through many a foe To our Home we go     3 When we seek relief From a longfelt grief When oppressed by new temptations Lord increase and perfect patience Show us that bright shore Where we weep no more     4 Jesus still lead on Till our rest be won Heavenly Leader still direct us Still support console protect us Till we safely stand In our Fatherland

HYMN 53
1. Mountains may be moved and vanish, But God's grace forever stands, God has spoken and has promised, Everlasting is His Word. Covenant God abiding, Nothing can our faith destroy.  2 In God's Word, we have great promise, In this Word we trust only, In this Word we have great comfort, We are blessed with such great peace. All flesh and blood shall perish, But God's grace forever stands.     3 We are strengthened by God's promise, Fear and mourning cease in Christ, For He gives us peace eternal, Peace transcending all man's thoughts. When you always trust in God, You shall fear no evil foe.     4 When your sins distress, alarm you, Know His Word assures and prunes, By His Word, you are forgiven, Christ forgives you all your sins. Great mercy of Christ, Lord, No damnation you must dread.     5 Have great confidence in God's Word, Rock on which your faith must rest, This shall be the great assurance, Death's great fright you'll overcome. Death shall be a gate to heav'n, Everlasting peace shall have.

HYMN 530
1. I know a precious treasure here A treasure that exceeds all This treasure is in Gods Kingdom Righteousness by faith God gives Exceeding great wealth we do have By faith in God have righteousness  2 The Father shall not give us up Cast away sinful nature The Lord will give all that you need All that we need to serve Him If we shall faithful servants be Great shall be our reward in Heaven     3 Do not seek pleasures of this life Let not your heart crave pleasures Seek things above eternal things Gods righteousness seek in life All that you need to drink and eat God shall Himself provide for you     4 Those that labor seeking pleasures Vain things they only seek here Temptations great they shall fall in Much hurt they shall bring on them The love of money is evil It leads men to great sin on earth     5 Father we come to seek Your grace Grant us our daily bread Lord The needs of body You know well That too You shall provide us Protect us from evil desires Deliver us from evil ways     6 Nothing we brought into this world Nothing we shall take from it But bless us Lord with heavnly things Bless us with righteousness Lord When we depart this earth in death We shall be with You Lord in Heavn

HYMN 531
1. In freedom of my Savior Lord I walk in path to Heavn In His own footsteps plant my own The Lord before me walks  2 In desert lands I travel now Great throngs of people meet But there is Christ who guides me through With Him I am so safe     3 Great foes surround me seek to harm Traps deadly they all set But Jesus Christ protects and guides He leads me safely through     4 With Jesus right beside me now The world I shall forsake My great desire is for the Lord Christ Jesus keeps me safe

HYMN 532
1. Christian work for Jesus Who on earth for thee Labored wearied suffered Died upon the Tree  2 Work with lips so fervid That Thy words may prove Thou has brought a message From the Love of God     3 Work with hearts that burneth Humbly at His feet Priceless gems on offer For His crown made meet     4 Work with prayer unceasing Borne of faiths strong wing Earnestly beseeching Trophies for the King     5 Work while strength endureth Until death draw near Then the Lords sweet welcome Thou in Heavn shall hear

HYMN 533
1. In great humility O Lord We bring our gifts to You An offering pleasant we now bring With heart of love we give Dear Lord Jesus You gave Your life You laid Your life to save Grant us the grace to give You all Until we leave this earth  2 Give us the grace to love all men Serve others with Your love Help us to offer sacrifice Our lives laid down for all You Saints of God this must you seek Obey the call to love Remember Christ shed blood to save So love all people here     1 In great humility O Lord We bring our gifts to You An offering pleasant we now bring With heart of love we give Dear Lord Jesus You gave Your life You laid Your life to save Grant us the grace to give You all Until we leave this earth     2 Give us the grace to love all men Serve others with Your love Help us to offer sacrifice Our lives laid down for all You Saints of God this must you seek Obey the call to love Remember Christ shed blood to save So love all people here

HYMN 534
1. Fight the good fight with all thy might Christ is thy strength and Christ thy right Lay hold on life and it shall be Thy joy and crown eternally  2 Run the straight race Through Gods good grace Lift up thine eyes and seek His face Life with its path before us lies Christ is the way and Christ the prize     3 Cast care aside Lean on thy Guide His boundless mercy will provide Lean and thy trusting soul shall prove Christ is thy life and Christ thy love     4 Faint not nor fear His arm is near He changeth not and thou art dear Only believe and thou shall see That Christ is all in all to thee

HYMN 535
1. All saints put on Gods full armor You that are in Jesus be praying The enemy seeks you to harm Satan comes roaring against you Be watchful ready for the battle The powerful Word of God must have The enemy comes now But Jesus is with us Hallelujah In Him we shall Victorious be We shall defeat the evil one  2 Pray that Jesus Christ may help you Sin pleasures to rid from your life now That you may righteous be in Him Have the Name of Jesus always For in His Name you have all power You shall have power from the Lord You shall not stumble fall When life is hard for you Do remember Your Home is Heavn And not on earth You shall have peace eternal there     3 Death shall come and youll be no more Fight then with all your might in each day We soon shall leave this world of sin Day of Judgment soon shall be here And all the dead in sin shall perish The righteous shall have life in God If this world hates you now And persecutes you much Seeks to kill you You shall prevail For Jesus lives You shall behold His glorious face     4 Jesus strengthen all Your saints here You shed Your precious Blood to save us Make us victorious Lord we pray Come now Lord reveal your presence And drive away all fear of evil Give us Your Holy Spirit now Pour love into our hearts And bless us with Your peace Give us great joy With this we shall Courageous be And travel to our home in Heavn

HYMN 536
1. Take my life and let it be Consecrated Lord to Thee Take my moments and my days Let them flow in ceaseless praise  2 Take my hands and let them move At the impulse of Your Love Take my feet and let them be Swift and beautiful for Thee     3 Take my voice and let me sing Always only for my King Take my lips and let them be Filled with messages from Thee     4 Take my silver and my gold Not a mite would I withhold Take my intellect and use Every power as Thou shall choose     5 Take my will and make it Thine It shall be no longer mine Take my heart it is Thine own It shall be Thy Royal Throne     6 Take my love my Lord I pour At Thy feet its treasurestore Take myself and I will be Ever only all for Thee

HYMN 537
1. Come to Jesus He will teach you You shall learn much from the Lord All that follow Christ the Savior They are His true Saints on earth Those that trust in Jesus Christ And proclaim His Name always Those that strive to please their Master They shall also bless others here  2 Blessed are the poor in Spirit Humble men and women are They are those that boast of nothing But they put their trust in God They give thanks for all they have To such Gods Kingdom belong All poor in spirit are blessed They are glorified in Jesus     1 Come to Jesus He will teach you You shall learn much from the Lord All that follow Christ the Savior They are His true Saints on earth Those that trust in Jesus Christ And proclaim His Name always Those that strive to please their Master They shall also bless others here     2 Blessed are the poor in Spirit Humble men and women are They are those that boast of nothing But they put their trust in God They give thanks for all they have To such Gods Kingdom belong All poor in spirit are blessed They are glorified in Jesus     5 Blessed are all those that mourn here All that grieve and seek the Lord All that sorrow all that weep much All that mourn for their own sins Those that weep before the Lord Plead with God for all their sins God shall comfort all such mourners Blessed they shall be forever     6 Blessed are all peacemakers here Blessed are the meek on earth Blessed are the persecuted All who suffer for the right Blessed when you suffer much Suffer evil and great shame When you leave these for the Lord God Great reward He shall give to you     7 Blessed are they that show mercy Heart of compassion they have They that pity all that suffer They that seek the poor to help They that pray for those in need They that freely give all things They that love the poor and needy Great reward they all soon shall have

HYMN 538
1. Blessed be the Church of Jesus Blessed be His Bride and loved ones All those He loves and He calls Jesus bids them come to Him now With His strength He draws them to Him Jesus seeks them for Himself  2 Glory of the Bride none can see It is glory hidden from us Glory none can comprehend Glory well beyond the heavens Such is glory stored for Christs Bride Those He loves and they love Him     3 Seraphim with faces covered They behold Gods glory awesome This great Glory we shall see When we stand unveiled before Him See His Throne and Crown of Glory What a sight this must be then     4 With much trembling bow before Him We shall worship God the King now Gods full Glory we shall see What well see as Bride of Jesus As we see His face in Glory His heart full of love well see     5 Truly there is none beside Him There is none to seek beside God Jesus Glory of His Bride Now the Bride has seen the Bridegroom Heavens King is He the Bridegroom Now He is one with His Bride     6 Lord I make a fervent prayer Give me Lord Your mind from now on Fill me with Your Spirits life That I may not live for vain things And be careful in my living Be a faithful Bride to You

HYMN 539
1. A bosom friend the Lord my God is He is present on earth and Heavn He knows my worries and my problems And gives me help from Heavn above All power on earth and in the Heavens Is given to this heavenly friend  2 His Name is Jesus Christ the Savior He is Redeemer of the world He has redeemed us from the devil And from eternal death and hell O Jesus Lover and Redeemer Our wondrous everlasting friend Christ     3 He is a friend to all His creatures He is the Savior of sinners He draws us to Himself to save us To taste the sweetness of His Love None can be found so truly friendly None can compare with Jesus Christ Lord

HYMN 54
1. God is so kind, He loved the world so much, Eternal love He gave. God's own we are, He made us by His grace, In God's own image made. But we forsook the Lord our maker, And turned against the One who made us, He loves us still.  2 Omniscient God, God who knows everything, And also sees all things. And this God knows, That we are blind and lost, And grope in this dark world. He searches for His own, He calls us, Salvation God did plan for lost ones, What love for us?     1 God is so kind, He loved the world so much, Eternal love He gave. God's own we are, He made us by His grace, In God's own image made. But we forsook the Lord our maker, And turned against the One who made us, He loves us still.     2 Omniscient God, God who knows everything, And also sees all things. And this God knows, That we are blind and lost, And grope in this dark world. He searches for His own, He calls us, Salvation God did plan for lost ones, What love for us?     5 Sinners we are, God's glory we have lost, Dead we are, bound in sin. God we forsook, Forgot the Lord our God, Our backs we turned to Him. The gracious, merciful our Father, He sent His only Son to save us, God is so kind.     6 So let us sing, Sing praises to our God, For God is love indeed. This world He made, In wisdom He made all, In love He saved the world. So wondrous is Thy love O Lord, God, Abundant love you poured upon us, You are our love.

HYMN 540
1. Love that made me in Your image Lord in Your image You made me Glorious love that came from above Love You saved us sinners on earth Love I am yours forever more I shall live for You Lord my God  2 Love that knew me before I came Eternal love You have for me Love You came as flesh to live here Became like me on dreadful earth Love I am Yours forever more I shall live for You Lord my God     3 Love You suffered pain and sorrow In love You died for me and all Love You agonized for sinners In You we may have life in full Love I am Yours forever more I shall live for You Lord my God     4 Love that binds me now to the Cross The Cross You bore for me and all Love that claims my heart and my all To You I give my life and all Love I am Yours forever more I shall live for You Lord my God     5 Love shall be with me unto death He shall raise me from death one Day Love shall give me a precious crown I shall be with Him in Heaven Love I am Yours forever more I shall live for You Lord my God

HYMN 541
1. One thing so precious in this life Mary has found and treasured much That I should seek with all my heart Search for that only in this life  2 This treasure is in Jesus Christ Jesus the priceless Gift to find There is no treasure to compare The Gift of Heavn none else we know     3 I am so blind and little know I need the Holy Spirits help To guide me in the narrow way The narrow way that leads to God     4 Open my mind and shine Your light Grant me to understand Your Word Thy hidden truths the precious Word The Word of Truth that leads to Heavn     5 Christ Jesus Lord of all my life You saved me by Your precious Blood By faith in You new life I have Eternally Im bound to You

HYMN 542
1. Heal us O Lord Immanuel Your healing touch we need Restore our broken spirit Lord Savior we come to You  2 Our faith is feeble and so weak We doubt You often Lord Do not withhold Your loving grace For we have none but Thee     3 We come to You our Loving God With tears like him who said O Lord my God yes I believe Help Thou my unbelief     4 She too who secretly touched You You welcomed and You healed Blessing with peace and saying then Your faith has made you whole     5 Like her we come to You our Lord This healing touch we need Receive us now with mercy Lord Grant us Your healing grace

HYMN 543
1. No wisdom of man can ever discern Gods way and Gods truth that leads us to Heaven In dust and in ashes this flesh shall be lost Dwell not on mans wisdom The Lord shall provide  2 We panic and fret in trouble and stress Forgetting to seek our Savior the Lord Let storms rage with thunder or suns scorching heat Look only to Jesus The Lord shall provide     3 When you are confused seeking for the right When you are tempted to fear and to fret Take heart the Lord Jesus is always with you Be joyful beloved The Lord shall provide     4 The Lord God knows well your troubles and all Strength He will provide enough for the storm His purpose shall ripen for you at His time This too is His plan then The Lord shall provide     5 When grave is your home the body it keeps When this body lies in wait for new life Then faith shall be active life above prepares Faith shall sing from this earth The Lord shall provide

HYMN 544
1. Trust your life to Jesus Christ Bow to Him in full submission Your own strength is not sufficient And you need His constant help Trust your life to Jesus Christ  2 Trust yourself to Jesus Christ He protects the meek and humble Hell support you when you stumble Lead you to eternal life Trust yourself to Jesus Christ

HYMN 545
1. Rock of Ages cleft for me Let me hide myself in Thee Let the water and the blood From Thy riven side which flowed Be of sin the double cure Cleanse me from its guilt and power  2 Not the labors of my hands Can fulfill Thy Laws demand Could my zeal no respite know Could my tears for ever flow All for sin could not atone Thou must save and Thou alone     3 Nothing in my hand I bring Simply to Thy Cross I cling Naked come to Thee for dress Helpless look to Thee for grace Foul I to the Fountain fly Wash me Savior or I die     4 While I draw this fleeting breath When mine eyelids close in death When I soar through tracts unknown See Thee on Thy Judgment Throne Rock of Ages cleft for me Let me hide myself in Thee

HYMN 546
1. Come let us to the Lord our God With contrite hearts return Our God is gracious will not leave The desolate to mourn  2 His voice commands the tempest forth And stills the stormy wave And though His arm be strong to smite Tis also strong to save     3 Long hath the night of sorrow reigned The dawn shall bring us light God shall appear and we shall rise With gladness in His sight     4 Our hearts if God we seek to know Shall know Him and rejoice His coming like the morn shall be Like morning songs His voice     5 As dew upon the tender herb Diffusing fragrance round As showers that usher in the Spring And cheer the thirsty ground     6 So shall His presence bless our souls And shed a joyful light That hallowed morn shall chase away The sorrows of the night

HYMN 547
1. I know that my Redeemer lives What joy the blest assurance gives He lives He lives who once was dead He lives my everlasting Head  2 He lives to bless me with His love He lives to plead for me above He lives my hungry soul to feed He lives to help in time of need     3 He lives and grants me daily breath He lives and I shall conquer death He lives my mansion to prepare He lives to lead me safely there     4 He lives all glory to His Name He Lives my Savior still the same What joy the blest assurance gives I know that my Redeemer lives

HYMN 548
1. Cast all cares troubles Anxieties worries On Jesus Christ who is your Savior  2 Hell hear and answer He knows your troubles The merciful Christ shall come to save     3 Distressed with hardships The soul with problems Take refuge and comfort in Jesus     2 Hell hear and answer He knows your troubles The merciful Christ shall come to save     5 Christ shall protect you Fear is ever gone Death is no longer a dread for you     6 If Jesus your Lord His own life your life Then you have eternal peace in Him     7 Take heart your troubles All soon be over Youll drink from river of life in Heavn

HYMN 549
1. I am one of Jesus lambs In this blessing I rejoice I have Christ as Shepherd in life In Him I have all I need here Jesus knows me and loves me And He calls me by my name  2 His banner is over me I am safe and sound in Him By His riches I lack nothing I am filled with all His blessings When my soul is thirsty here To the waters Hell lead me     3 Joy and peace I have in Him Jesus loves and cares for me When this earthly life is over To the Father You will bring me In Your bosom I shall lay Amen Great joy this shall be

HYMN 55
1. My God, how wonderful Thou art, Thy majesty how bright! How beautiful Thy mercy-seat, In depths of burning light!  2 How dread are Thine eternal years, O everlasting Lord, By holy angels, day and night, Incessantly adored!     3 O how I fear Thee, living God, With deepest, tenderest fears; And worship Thee with trembling hope, And penitential tears.     4 Yet I may love Thee too, O Lord, Almighty as Thou art; For Thou hast stooped to ask of me The love of my poor heart.     5 No earthly father loves like Thee, No mother e'er so mild Bears and forbears, as Thou hast done With me, Thy sinful child.     6 How wonderful, how beautiful, The sight of Thee must be, Thine endless wisdom, boundless power, And aweful purity!

HYMN 550
1. The true life of Christians must shine with bright radiance This life must shine brightly in toil on this earth For what they have received is light from Christ Jesus No one knows of such light but those who are blessed What none on earth has heard What too no one has seen That they now have seen with eyes opened from Heaven They now see Gods glory the Kingdom have received  2 These all have come from the race of the first Adam The nature of Adam they too have all shared They struggled in this life with suffering from bondage They share all flesh needs here of food and of drink They share with all mankind The cares of the flesh here They share in all things this flesh seeks to live on earth But there is one difference vain pleasures they now hate     3 The life they live in this flesh is from Christ Jesus For they all have new life new life in the Lord The Blood of Christ Jesus is source of life for them Born anew in Jesus they are His own now Angels are one with them They are blessed brothers We join with them singing the praise of Christ Jesus This joyful fellowship the blessed host above     4 Christ who is our own life shall come in great glory Jesus the Christ well see in glory and might This glory of Jesus shall fill our hearts with joy But great shame shall cover all who hated Him Those who have loved Jesus They shall reign with Him then They shall all shine with the radiance of Jesus Christ Sing joyfully praising sing always to their God

HYMN 551
1. Jesus is my Lord forever I shall worship Him alone What shall separate me from Jesus None can turn me back from Him You are Lord my lifes foundation And my spirits righteousness As the stem feeds all its branches From You Lord I have all needs  2 Who gives grace sufficient for needs It is Jesus Christ the Lord Precious grace and grace in fullness Jesus gives to all in need Who shall comfort me in sorrow Jesus Christ my truest friend Authority granted Jesus Every power reposed in Him     1 Jesus is my Lord forever I shall worship Him alone What shall separate me from Jesus None can turn me back from Him You are Lord my lifes foundation And my spirits righteousness As the stem feeds all its branches From You Lord I have all needs     2 Who gives grace sufficient for needs It is Jesus Christ the Lord Precious grace and grace in fullness Jesus gives to all in need Who shall comfort me in sorrow Jesus Christ my truest friend Authority granted Jesus Every power reposed in Him     5 Who is there like Jesus Christ Lord Who has laid His life like Christ Precious Blood Jesus shed for us Blood of Jesus gave us life So I now belong to Jesus He is mine forever more I have promised now to follow Follow Jesus Christ alone     6 Let me suffer pain and sorrow I shall always follow Christ To Him Ive committed all things Ive resigned my life to Him I desire to do His will now And submit my life to Him What is best for me Hell give me Therefore Ive surrendered all     7 When time comes for me to leave here Grant me Lord the faith to trust Take away from me fear of death Be the Light for me in death When this life is dimmed by darkness Shine Your light so brightly then That I may come Home to meet You Pilgrim from this world I come

HYMN 552
1. When we seek Gods Kingdom and blessings And we rejoice in righteousness We have the favor of the Lord God And have His presence in our life All those that put not trust in Christ Upon the sand they build their lives  2 What hope is there in this life for us What groaning we have here in life We suffer pain and so much trouble Each day we see much suffering here The cross we bear may heavy be We bear it with great sorrow here     3 Cast all your burdens unto Jesus Rejoice in Him alone always See how much love Jesus has shown you He will bear all your burdens now The God to whom we now belong Knows all our troubles knows our pain     4 God comes to us with special blessings He comes to soothe our sufferings here When we are faithful and good servants And we are not scornful in life Jesus will soon refresh us here Hell comfort us and bless us all     5 When you are in distress with troubles The Lord has not forsaken you Think not that those who are in Jesus Have no troubles in this life here In Gods own time well know the truth Know that God blesses through the pain     6 I come seeking refuge in Jesus I seek to hide in You my Lord Forsake me not do not reject me You know all things and see all things Lord save me now and keep me safe In Jesus I am always safe

HYMN 553
1. My strength renew O Lord my God In all my life on earth Grant that with all my strength serve You Love You with all my life  2 Lord Jesus help Thy servants now Behold Thee as Thou art Delight in service here on earth Most glorious be in Heavn     3 The sufferings of this present time And sin shall be no more Well join the host of Saints above Sing Hallelujah there     4 The life in Heaven shall be great Eyes have not seen such life But we believe what Jesus said His glory we shall share

HYMN 554
1. As the Ark did travel In the raging storms Tossed about but steady On the storms it rode So my faith must travel In the storms of life Safe in Jesus now God is with me always  2 So did Moses travel Through the parted sea With him all of Israel Dry land walked through sea Boldly I must pass through In this wilderness Jesus is my life God is with me always     1 As the Ark did travel In the raging storms Tossed about but steady On the storms it rode So my faith must travel In the storms of life Safe in Jesus now God is with me always     2 So did Moses travel Through the parted sea With him all of Israel Dry land walked through sea Boldly I must pass through In this wilderness Jesus is my life God is with me always     5 Jonah spent three dark nights In belly of whale Rescued by His Maker Miracle was this When great storms come oer me When Im frightened much To my Lord Ill turn God is with me always     6 Daniel cast to lions In the den was he Angels rescued Daniel Lions mouths they shut In deaths dark great valley Where Ill soon shall be In my Lord I trust God is with me always     7 Empty grave of Jesus And the wooden Cross See my Savior Jesus Victory He won Death is conquered ever  We have freedom now Salvation is mine God is with me always     8 Peter fastened fettered In the stocks with chains Paul was stoned and suffered God was with them all When I suffer hate here When I bear all shame I shall praise my Lord God is with me always

HYMN 555
1. The Lord God is my Shepherd In Him I nothing lack He feeds me and He helps me He guides me through this life My soul He saved from sin and hell He leads me on the Way to Heavn  2 He sets His eyes upon me When in deaths vale I walk Then shall I fear no evil For God is with me still Your rod and staff they comfort me Youll give your servant joy always     3 Jehovah spreads a banquet A table He has set Before my foes Hell bless me Great honor He shall give Goodness and mercy shall be mine Eternal joy Ill have in Him

HYMN 556
1. The Father sees so rest in Him He hears you trust Him still The Father comes go welcome Him He calls you come to Him  2 The Father is not flesh and blood But He is always near Believe in Him and on His Word His presence is with you     3 Hold fast to Him believe in Him With faith that sees His face Hell never leave you nor forsake Walk with Him righteously     4 In trouble cast your cares on Him Call Him as children true In Jesus Christ we pray to You Dear Father hear us pray

HYMN 557
1. Jesu Lover of my soul Let me to Thy bosom fly While the nearer waters roll While the tempest still is high Hide me O my Savior hide Till the storm of life is past Safe into the haven guide O receive my soul at last  2 Other refuge have I none Hangs my helpless soul on Thee Leave ah Leave me not alone Still support and comfort me All my trust on Thee is stayed All my help from Thee I bring Cover my defenseless head With the shadow of Thy wing     1 Jesu Lover of my soul Let me to Thy bosom fly While the nearer waters roll While the tempest still is high Hide me O my Savior hide Till the storm of life is past Safe into the haven guide O receive my soul at last     2 Other refuge have I none Hangs my helpless soul on Thee Leave ah Leave me not alone Still support and comfort me All my trust on Thee is stayed All my help from Thee I bring Cover my defenseless head With the shadow of Thy wing     5 Thou O Christ art all I want More than all in Thee I find Raise the fallen cheer the faint Heal the sick and lead the blind Just and holy is Thy Name I am all unrighteousness False and full of sin I am Thou art full of truth and grace     6 Plenteous grace with Thee is found Grace to cover all my sin Let the healing streams abound Make and keep me pure within Thou of life the Fountain art Freely let me take of Thee Spring Thou up within my heart Rise to all eternity

HYMN 558
1. Jesus Christ is now and ever For eternity the same He is Priest and ever shall be To the Father He brought us Jesus is my joy and gladness Faiths foundation is in Jesus Sun of Righteousness is Jesus Now forever more Hes Lord  2 When in sin I groped in darkness Lost and dead and hopeless one Jesus came to me such sinner And He saved my life from hell Wondrous grace I have in Jesus Grace that made me now His own Patiently He bore my sufferings With great patience He guides me     1 Jesus Christ is now and ever For eternity the same He is Priest and ever shall be To the Father He brought us Jesus is my joy and gladness Faiths foundation is in Jesus Sun of Righteousness is Jesus Now forever more Hes Lord     2 When in sin I groped in darkness Lost and dead and hopeless one Jesus came to me such sinner And He saved my life from hell Wondrous grace I have in Jesus Grace that made me now His own Patiently He bore my sufferings With great patience He guides me     5 Now I follow Christ my Savior Bearing shame and scorn in life I must follow Christ more closely I must seek to please Him now Now I bear the cross of suffering Follow Jesus Christ my Lord For I know that what Hes promised He will keep and He will do     6 When the time of death is nearing When the grave is closely by Let me hear You say to me Lord Today you will be with me Grant me Jesus all Your blessings In the precious Blood You shed That I might receive Your fullness To be like You Lord I pray

HYMN 559
1. In You O Lord I take a refuge Let me never be put to shame Your righteousness is my salvation Rescue me Lord deliver me Give ear to me and save Thy servant You are my Rock and fortress still My refuge and my safest haven Jehovah is my only hope  2 My sure foundation is Jehovah A steadfast Rock is God the Lord Deliver me O Lord my Savior Save me from evil wicked ones From cruel men and all pretenders From wicked ones who seek my life My hope and confidence You are Lord The Sovereign Lord my Savior is     1 In You O Lord I take a refuge Let me never be put to shame Your righteousness is my salvation Rescue me Lord deliver me Give ear to me and save Thy servant You are my Rock and fortress still My refuge and my safest haven Jehovah is my only hope     2 My sure foundation is Jehovah A steadfast Rock is God the Lord Deliver me O Lord my Savior Save me from evil wicked ones From cruel men and all pretenders From wicked ones who seek my life My hope and confidence You are Lord The Sovereign Lord my Savior is     5 My trust is in You Lord my maker From youthful days Ive trusted You From birth till now You are Protector I have relied on You my Lord When in my mothers womb as baby You watched and brought me safely out Ill sing and praise You Lord Jehovah Ill praise You Lord for evermore     6 Youve showed the world how much Youve blessed me This has brought hate from wicked men But Lord I know You are my refuge My mouth is filled with praise for You I shall declare Your splendor always Ill worship You with all my life Lord when my years are full and over Forsake me not nor cast me out     7 When all my energies are spent here When frail and weak no strength I have When enemies shall speak against me And say God has forsaken him When they pursue and seek to seize me When there is none to save me Lord Be not far from me come to help me Come quickly then to help me God     8 My honor Lord you have increased now Once more I have Your comfort Lord Ill praise You Lord with harp and trumpets My lips shall shout for joy in You My tongue shall tell Your righteous judgments Thy faithfulness I shall declare For those that sought my life to harm me Are shamed confused for God has blessed

HYMN 56
1. God knows you well, seek to know Him, Creature must know His maker. There is much suffering in this world, Look to the Lord your Savior. When you have Him, and walk with Him, You shall be hated by all men, Take heart, the Lord will save you.  2 God knows you well, your life He knows, He knows you are but frail flesh. Then march on, forward you must go, Follow the Lord who loves you. He'll never leave you all alone, The one you trust is with you still, His Arm shall hold and save you.     3 The Lord sees all the good you do, He knows your loving actions. He sees your love for needy ones, Nothing you do escapes Him. The water you give needy ones, Jesus sees the good you do, His recompense shall come soon.     4 God knows the end of your life here, You do not know your life's end. Because He loves you so much friend, A place for you He'll prepare. Always seek Him and seek His grace, Leave everything to Jesus, Your blessings shall be great soon.

HYMN 560
1. The Lords my Shepherd Ill not want He makes me down to lie In pastures green He leadeth me The quiet waters by  2 My soul He doth restore again And me to walk dost make Within the paths of righteousness Een for His own Names sake     3 Yea though I walk in deaths dark vale Yet will I fear no ill   For Thou art with me and Thy rod And staff me comfort still     4 My table Thou hast furnished In presence of my foes My head Thou dost with oil anoint And my cup overflows     5 Goodness and mercy all my life Shall surely follow me And in Gods House for evermore My dwellingplace shall be

HYMN 561
1. God is working trust Him I shall trust Him always Trust Him with all things By His will He formed me Knew me before all time My birth too He knew By His sovereign will He plans Gives me all I need to serve Him Gives me all I need here  2 God is working trust Him Joy I have in Him now I have peace in Him He will not forsake me Food and clothes and all else He provides for me When the cross is heavy still When I cannot bear the sufferings He sustains and saves me     1 God is working trust Him I shall trust Him always Trust Him with all things By His will He formed me Knew me before all time My birth too He knew By His sovereign will He plans Gives me all I need to serve Him Gives me all I need here     2 God is working trust Him Joy I have in Him now I have peace in Him He will not forsake me Food and clothes and all else He provides for me When the cross is heavy still When I cannot bear the sufferings He sustains and saves me     5 He is there to help me God is working trust Him Trust Him in the storms Tempests earthquakes may come When the angry waves roar When strong winds frighten Jonah suffered three full days When you are in such distress here God upholds you always     6 God is working trust Him He knows all your sufferings He knows all your pains Fear not in the battle Yield not to temptations For the Lord is near If the Lord is with you As your refuge and your succor Then all fear shall vanish     7 God is working trust Him When Im weak and weary Then Im strong in Him Put your trust in Jesus Those that trust in Jesus Hell not disappoint All shall pass with all sufferings But Gods Word remains forever He will bless you ever     8 God is working trust Him In the face of death trust Trust Him dont despair When this life is over When the grave your resting place He will be with you He will lift you from the grave He will bring you Home to Heaven And will grant you new life

HYMN 562
1. Commit your life and mission Into the hands of God Your heart and mind surrender Give all to God in Heavn He who controls the weather Who winds and seas obey Will guide your steps and keep you And help you follow Him  2 Trust in the Lord your Savior In this you will succeed His mission must concern you He will reward you much Do not complain in service Worried with anxious care The Lord is grieved by such life Rely on Him in prayer     1 Commit your life and mission Into the hands of God Your heart and mind surrender Give all to God in Heavn He who controls the weather Who winds and seas obey Will guide your steps and keep you And help you follow Him     2 Trust in the Lord your Savior In this you will succeed His mission must concern you He will reward you much Do not complain in service Worried with anxious care The Lord is grieved by such life Rely on Him in prayer     5 In glorious wisdom knowledge The Lord God plans your life What best for you He gives you This also you must choose His plans no man can hinder He directs all our paths Into His will for our lives Gods will shall always stand     6 The ways the Lord directs you Are best nothing youll lack That way is full of blessings His light shines on that way No stumbling blocks youll find there Nothing can change Gods plans The Lord acts best in all things Blessing His children here     7 Cast fears and doubts away now Cast them into the sea Fear not the troubles in life And all that worries you You do not control this world You cannot make things right God has full control of life Hell direct perfectly

HYMN 563
1. God will order your life such that All shall work out for your good Stormy winds you may encounter Put your trust in Christ alone  2 When so tempted doubting Gods help Filled with thoughts that all is lost You will suffer needless sorrow Those that doubt suffer in vain     3 Doubting brethren God your Savior Never slumbers neither sleeps Lift your head to see the heavens Faith must rest in this alone     4 God shall send help now or later At His own appointed time Be not anxious weighed with sorrow God your Savior cares for you     5 Trust Him always for Hell give you What is best He has for you In great patience youll discover Riches kept for you alone     6 When you doubt Him and you fear much Wait for God wait patiently He sees present and knows future Leave to Him the plan of life     7 Wondrous things that God has done here All confirm His promises All shall work out perfectly then Just as planned by God the Lord     8 Patiently then wait for Gods time Trust in Him always rejoice If you grumble and you murmur Great sin youll commit in life

HYMN 564
1. My soul rise up Jesus to see Comfort you have in Him The troubles you will suffer here Draw you to Him alone There is no succor here No peace or joy youll find Christ Jesus is your precious friend Stay by His side always  2 In Christ you have great victory Trust Him and hung on Him Cast all your cares on Jesus now Hell take care of your needs His righteousness prevails Your enemies shall fail Let nothing frighten bother you Be still and wait on God     1 My soul rise up Jesus to see Comfort you have in Him The troubles you will suffer here Draw you to Him alone There is no succor here No peace or joy youll find Christ Jesus is your precious friend Stay by His side always     2 In Christ you have great victory Trust Him and hung on Him Cast all your cares on Jesus now Hell take care of your needs His righteousness prevails Your enemies shall fail Let nothing frighten bother you Be still and wait on God     5 When tempted turn to prayer alone Turn to the Lord alone He has inclined His ear to hear The Lord shall fight to save When others hate you much Your Savior is with you Hell come to help His chosen ones Stick to the Lord your God     6 Lift up your head your Savior see Rely not on this world With faith in Him must persevere And follow Christ your King Give all your life to Him On Him depend always For He has suffered on the Cross Now gives you life indeed     7 Rise up look to the things above Your heart must be in that Your Savior has your treasure there Nothing shall fade in Heavn Vain treasures of this life All pleasures here on earth Eternal joy and lasting peace In Christ alone is found

HYMN 565
1. Who have I but You Lord Christ my Lord alone Nothing here on earth is pleasing All the longings of my soul Christs dear sweetest true love Needs my soul and all my life here always  2 Jesus Christ my true friend To You Ill repair With resolve to follow closely You my Lord my God my all If men shall forsake You I shall seek You now and always truly     3 If I have my Jesus Ill forsake the world For in Him I have all treasures Peace and health and joy He gives If I seek Him always Fearless I shall go through deaths dark valleys     4 If Christ Jesus is mine Heaven shall be mine Hell refresh my soul and spirit Body mind and all my being I shall praise Him always Glorify and laud Him for His favors

HYMN 566
1. My God and Lord and savior I shall not fear the foe He hears my pleadings prayer And gives me joy in life We are His sheep we hear Him We listen to His Word Our foes He will destroy now And save us from all harm  2 I know in truth that Jesus Loves me and cares for me This gives me joy and comfort That God Himself loves me He is beside me always Hell drive away my foes God is with me forever Therefore Ill live in peace     1 My God and Lord and savior I shall not fear the foe He hears my pleadings prayer And gives me joy in life We are His sheep we hear Him We listen to His Word Our foes He will destroy now And save us from all harm     2 I know in truth that Jesus Loves me and cares for me This gives me joy and comfort That God Himself loves me He is beside me always Hell drive away my foes God is with me forever Therefore Ill live in peace     5 Ill praise my Savior Jesus Ill seek His honor now If Jesus is not friendly And He is not in me I cannot stand before God I cannot face the Judge Eternal hell Ill suffer Condemned I shall be then     6 My sin Jesus has borne them Wages for sin He paid He bled to take away sin Holy Blood Jesus shed This Blood has cleansed my soul now And sets me free from sin In this I now have great peace Eternal joy I have     7 Destroy this world and all things Jesus shall always be His power is everlasting His love will never end No enemy can separate Nor break the bond with Christ I shall be close to Jesus His love will never fade

HYMN 567
1. Spirit of God Your help we seek Jehovah Lord to You we cry In You are wisdom might and strength None can compare with You O Lord  2 Spirit of God Your help we seek Deliverer God come now to save Your promises are ever sure You Lord we trust and only You     3 Spirit of God your help we seek The God of Truth the only way Our Friend and Priest the Advocate Youll plead our case before the Throne     4 Spirit of God Your help we seek Eternal God the Only Lord You neither sleep nor slumber Lord Working to bless and keep all safe     5 So send Thy gracious help to all According to Your sovereign will And help me too dear Lord I pray Help me fulfill Thy gracious will     6 Lord You desire You seek to bless Fulfill Thy promise in Your Word Eternal thanks Ill offer You Come Jesus come Your own to save

HYMN 568
1. Come Holy Spirit come to help Thy gracious mercy Lord I seek I am Your own by grace through faith You have saved me from evil  2 In You I trust my gracious Lord I have You nothing do I lack You are my Lord dear Jesus Christ You are my Savior and my God     3 In this I have such peace of life On You O Lord I wait in life Great confidence I have in You Amen I say so let it be

HYMN 569
1. If God the Lord is with me No foe can stand my way When I on Him depending All foes shall flee away With Christ as Head in battle The Friend who loves me well Assailed by evil forces Victorious I shall be  2 I do believe and know now And boast with confidence That God the Lord in Heaven His servant Hell honor In all my life on this earth In all things God is near All storms of life and dangers Hell calm and make them still     1 If God the Lord is with me No foe can stand my way When I on Him depending All foes shall flee away With Christ as Head in battle The Friend who loves me well Assailed by evil forces Victorious I shall be     2 I do believe and know now And boast with confidence That God the Lord in Heaven His servant Hell honor In all my life on this earth In all things God is near All storms of life and dangers Hell calm and make them still     5 Jesus my sure foundation Whose precious Blood alone Has power to overcome foes To save me and protect My strength and flesh and power Shall fail to stand the foe The power of Jesus only I need to stand secure     6 Jesus my strength my honor The glory of my life My life is vain without you Worthless and poor I am In sin I cannot see God And see His glorious Throne Be gracious Lord have mercy Grant me Your Glory see     7 These treasures now are hidden They soon shall be all mine Ill have no fears or worries For Jesus keeps them all The One who keeps my life here Has my soul and spirit The One whose Life I have now He I must trust and keep

HYMN 57
1. Jehovah, Lord our God, Lord of all life, and Spirit. You are eternal God, You fill the whole creation. You are the same always, You are the source of life, All things shall pass away, Lord you are evermore.  2 Thy works, O Lord, we see, You planned from eternity. Nothing is hid from you, You know our thoughts and hearts, Lord. You know our days and life, You know our struggles here, Our days are all numbered, You have them in your Book.     3 Your knowledge is so vast, Surpassing what we know here. With knowledge you made all, The earth and heav'ns created. Knowledge most wonderful, We now find in the plan, The plan to save mankind, The plan we see in Christ.     4 You are most selfless God, And you are God of all peace. Nothing you need in life, All that you have you gave us. Provider God you are, You give us all we need, All those that trust in you, Testify of your power.     5 We are before you Lord, In great humility, bow. Give us the grace to come, With thanks in heart and spirit. With open hearts we come, Search Lord our hearts to see, What is not right in them, Cleanse our hearts, make them pure.

HYMN 570
1. Jesus is mine and Im His Ill serve the Lord alone He leads me by the waters Hell guide me through this life His blessed sheep He seeks He neither sleeps nor slumbers He watches oer all His sheep He sees and helps His own  2 The glory of this life fades I shall not seek this life The Lord has come with power Salvation brings to us He saves us from this world From glory vain sinful life From bondage pain and evil From death eternal saves     1 Jesus is mine and Im His Ill serve the Lord alone He leads me by the waters Hell guide me through this life His blessed sheep He seeks He neither sleeps nor slumbers He watches oer all His sheep He sees and helps His own     2 The glory of this life fades I shall not seek this life The Lord has come with power Salvation brings to us He saves us from this world From glory vain sinful life From bondage pain and evil From death eternal saves     5 All good things we now have here The best God gave for us He loved this world though sinful He gave His Only Son What then shall God withhold From those He gave His own Son Hell give us all things through Him Hell give His all for us     6 Our very souls saved in Him Secure our faith in Christ New bodies too we all have Imperishable be Glorious is His nature In Heavn this body shall be A body filled with Gods life We shall be like the Lord     7 This pleases God the Father For He created all His only Son has saved us He sits at Gods right Hand And God the Holy Ghost The gift of faith He gives us That we may share Gods Kingdom Praise Triune God give praise

HYMN 571
1. One thing needful we are lacking Teach us Lord to know that well Great yoke we all bear in this life Burdens great we cannot bear Anxious we are troubled With so much work in vain No true rest we have with burdens we all bear here But when we cast burdens Cast them on Jesus He gives us so much joy He gives us His rest  2 My soul if you seek this rest here Seek it not in things you see Cast the world and all its pleasures Put all vain treasures aside Seek things that are above things that are in Jesus The One in whom we have the priceless treasures now We shall find all we seek Jesus Christ Savior Our treasure in Heaven Is Jesus the Lord     1 One thing needful we are lacking Teach us Lord to know that well Great yoke we all bear in this life Burdens great we cannot bear Anxious we are troubled With so much work in vain No true rest we have with burdens we all bear here But when we cast burdens Cast them on Jesus He gives us so much joy He gives us His rest     2 My soul if you seek this rest here Seek it not in things you see Cast the world and all its pleasures Put all vain treasures aside Seek things that are above things that are in Jesus The One in whom we have the priceless treasures now We shall find all we seek Jesus Christ Savior Our treasure in Heaven Is Jesus the Lord     5 See how Mary was with Jesus See how much she sought the best At His feet she laid to listen Listen for the precious Word She came seeking Jesus and sought for the real Food See how much she hanged on Word from the Lord Jesus Jesus Christ her Savior on Him she relied We also must give to Him all we have here     6 Lord I dearly yearn for You here For You Lord my heart desires Let me hold You closely dear Lord Give your whole Life to me Lord If others shall leave Christ and follow not the Lord Grant me to seek You O my Lord Jesus Christ here Jesus your Word precious Word of life for soul To whom shall we go then beside You O Lord     7 Wisdom of life is in You Lord You are Lord of Wisdom Christ All desires and treasures I have All are in Your Name O Lord Holy life with meekness I shall live for Jesus Christ Jesus my Lord shall grant me heavnly wisdom If I know Jesus well know Him as I ought Great wisdom shall have and no wisdom compares     8 Wake up then my soul from slumber Wake up to the Lord your God You O Lord my soul desires now Righteousness I have from you A life that pleases God a life of righteousness This is life I have Lord you have saved and loved me Draw me from worlds pleasures from all vain things here Your life O my Lord Jesus be in me now

HYMN 572
1. Let me seek the best of pleasures Peace within my soul There is none on earth I treasure Treasures have in Heavn Everlasting joy is there Everlasting life I have Blessed place my Home in Heaven There I seek to be  2 Jesus calls us seeking for us Come to Jesus now Hear His Word believe in Jesus Do not tarry long Seek the Lord while He is near Do not doubt but now believe Persevere in faith in Jesus Forward you must go     1 Let me seek the best of pleasures Peace within my soul There is none on earth I treasure Treasures have in Heavn Everlasting joy is there Everlasting life I have Blessed place my Home in Heaven There I seek to be     2 Jesus calls us seeking for us Come to Jesus now Hear His Word believe in Jesus Do not tarry long Seek the Lord while He is near Do not doubt but now believe Persevere in faith in Jesus Forward you must go     5 Jesus help me seek the blessings Glorious things Ill seek When distressed and much discouraged Jesus strengthen me When I suffer pain and all Persecutions hate with strife Grant me wisdom vindicate me I am Yours dear Lord     6 Jesus help me draw me closer Save my soul from wrong I am weak and frail flesh only You Lord are my strength I am justified in Thee Through the Blood You shed for me Grant me strength Thou gracious Spirit Worship God always

HYMN 573
1. When God seeks you in His kindness Seeking blessings for your life Yield your spirit in obedience Submit to His gracious will  2 Enter by the narrow gate now Walk the narrow way to life Shun all lust and sinful pleasures Look above to things on High     3 Cast your burdens upon Jesus Always seek His face in prayer Plead forgiveness for trespasses Plead with Him all day and night     4 Grow in love for all your neighbors Let your love grow deep and strong Love as Jesus Christ has loved you Be like Jesus Christ in love     5 Grow in Christ as new born baby There is much to learn of Christ Hard the way that leads to glory You must learn the cross to bear     6 Firmly cling to Christ the Savior Watch and pray at all times here Evil men are seeking always Planning faithful saints to hurt     7 Forward ever backward never Be resolved to follow Christ Flee from Satans wiles and cunning Let not lust destroy the flesh     8 Shun the pleasures of this vain life Shun all pride and boastful life Do the right and seek to please God Be not lazy work so hard

HYMN 574
1. To those that hate the life of sin Faithful they are in Christ In bondage once to sin and death Now free in Christ the Lord  2 Thick darkness covers life of sin They are so blind in sin Christ is the only way to life He is the Light we need     3 The life of sin is full of greed With envy malice hate Men love such life for they are blind But Jesus gives true life     4 The wages of the life of sin Eternal death in hell Salvation is in Christ alone His life He gives to us     5 I love You Lord so dearly love I love You Savior Lord There is no one I love but You I am baptized in You     6 Lord those You save are free indeed Their sin You have forgivn We magnify and praise Your Name We glorify You Lord     7 Ill worship You O Lord my God Christ Jesus You are mine I shall be with You where You are Youll comfort me Your child

HYMN 575
1. O my soul why low cast down Anxious worried much in this world Fleeting is this life you see All shall pass and soon be nothing Seek your Savior O my soul None can save but Jesus Christ  2 Spend time meditate on life Leave vain wealth and look to Jesus Seek the Lord Jehovah now Seek abundant grace and mercy Gracious merciful the Lord None can save but Jesus Christ     3 You belong to God my soul Flesh belongs to earth is nothing When you were so marred in sin None could save you but Christ Jesus Therefore keep to Christ alone None can save but Jesus Christ     4 No peace in this world can find No peace such as Jesus gives you Peace that none can understand Peace secured in Christ the Savior Therefore stick to Christ alone None can save but Jesus Christ     5 See the glory of the Lord See how much the Savior loves you Let your mind dwell on this love Precious blessings have in Jesus Jesus waits to bless you more None can save but Jesus Christ     6 If you follow Jesus Christ He will lead you Home to Heaven There youll have eternal rest Rest with God the Father always Seek the Savior O my soul None can save but Jesus Christ

HYMN 576
1. My life and light come from Christ Jesus The Son of God my Savior King I trust my life to You Lord Jesus My soul and body give to You The past life is behind me ever Guide me and lead me now and ever Protect me Lord provide for me Bear with me gently as I follow Be with me Lord now and forever I cannot walk this life alone  2 I shall not stray from You dear Jesus Your Word confirms Your promises Assured Thy presence shall go with me Your presence lead me to Your rest This I desire and long from You Lord Mercy and grace I always need Lord Thy gracious presence is with me A dear request I have of You Lord Grant me to see Thy face Jehovah Your glorious face grant me to see     3 Show me Thy ways that I may know Thee Remove impediments from me Help me to walk the paths of safety Save me from harm and troubles here Protect me from the wiles of Satan And save me from a mind that wavers Help me to always watch and pray I plead with You keep thou my spirit Strengthen my soul to trust You always Thy favor Lord extend to me     4 The Counselor the Holy Spirit Guide me in wisdom help me pray Thy Word O Lord dwell in me richly Grant that Thy Word my life shall be Walk humbly before You with fear now Live such as pleasing in Thy sight Lord Help me to be with You always Direct my mind to think Your thoughts now That I might look to Thee to please You And bear much fruit for You O Lord     5 In this my soul shall rest forever I shall have peace and rest in You My life is full of blessings rich now Nothing I lack no fear I have My heart desire and only longing To be with Jesus Christ in Heaven To be with You dear Lord always Into Your Hands I yield my spirit Lord Jesus grant me life eternal In You O Lord Im satisfied

HYMN 577
1. There is nothing here to gain All is vanity Therefore seek the things above There great wealth is stored True life is there Transient is the life on earth True Home is in Heavn above Seek to be there  2 Jesus You are Way to Heavn You are Way to God Soul seek not lifes vanities Dwell not on the dross Seek wealth in Heavn Wealth unfading none can steal Now resolve to seek such wealth You shall be filled     3 When distressed and sorrowful Help seek from above Loving Father knows your life He will help you through Fear not this life There is joy in Heaven above Where no darkness evil dwell There is your Home     4 Savior Jesus is in Heavn Here He suffered too Suffered much to enter Heavn Follow Christ your Lord With patience wait Wait for Jesus Christ your Lord Wait for Him His time is best Victorious be     5 In all sufferings here on earth Give thanks to the Lord Murmur not when troubles come Do not be fretful Praise Christ always Praise Him lift His Name on high Glorify Him in the Heavns Hallelujah

HYMN 578
1. Sin is punished by the Father Death is wages for all sin But for death of Jesus Savior Condemnation waits us all  2 Jesus bore our sin and wages Died the death we all deserve By the Blood He shed for sinners We are reconciled to God     3 By the death He died for sinners Right demands of God He met God has shown how much He loves us Jesus died for sinful men     4 Wondrous work we see in Jesus Freedom brought to sinners here Bringing peace to men and women Everlasting life He gave     5 Much provision Christ has made now More than we shall need in life He has fully met Gods justice He has swallowed death for us     6 We were slaves to sin our master We were under curse of death Now we have a righteous Master Lead us into life in God     7 If we seek the Blood of Jesus As our justification     Must we seek to live as sinners As believers of the Lord     8 Life I live now is not my life It is life of Jesus Christ I now live for Christ my Savior I am born anew in Christ

HYMN 579
1. Blessed the poor ones in the spirit Theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven Blessed are those that mourn in this life They shall be comforted by God Blessed are those that live in meekness They shall be those that inherit earth  2 Blessed are those that thirst and hunger For righteousness they shall be filled Blessed are those that show much mercy They shall receive Gods mercy too Blessed the pure in heart before God They are those that shall see God in Heavn     3 Peacemakers are blessed by the Father They are the children of the Lord The righteous that face persecution Gods Kingdom now belongs to them And they shall serve as priests in Heaven They shall be glorified with Jesus     4 Blessed you are when men revile you And suffer as Christs servants here When you are falsely charged with evil When persecuted for the right Rejoice be glad for this is blessing Reward youll have is great in Heaven     5 Lord Jesus grant that I might seek You You are my God and King and all You are the Way You are my treasure In You I have all righteousness You are my Savior and my honor All who have You lack nothing in life

HYMN 58
1. Our living God and Lord, creator of this world, He is the Sunshine and a Shield for His Saints. He strengthens me by His Spirit and by His Word, His Spirit dwells in me, He strengthens my faith. He gently holds my hands and leads me by waters, The Lord protects me and saves me from all evil. I shall not cease praising, God's Holy Name here now.  2 All people now listen to what the Lord seeks now, The Lord loves to give you good things that will last. Wide open your mouths now to receive God's blessings, Come taste of His goodness, you'll know God is good. God has so much for you, what you taste is little, Great things God has done for so many believers. The blessings of the Lord are so rich and so free.     3 Are you so satisfied in this life you live in? If you have all you need then seek not the Lord. Those that are much burdened with sin and temptations, All heavy laden ones come to Jesus Christ. All Saints of Christ Jesus, they have strength to stand here, Stand strong against evil and trials and suffering. In Christ they have strength to, withstand all great foes here.     4 All those that have great faith and trust in Christ Jesus, They all shall stand so firm against trials here. All lazy ones suffer and yield to temptations, The brave and strong conquer, with vict'ry in Christ. Such ones trust in Jesus, they pray to seek His face, They feed on His Word to prepare them for mission. They shall receive blessings, reward from the Lord God.

HYMN 580
1. Stay my soul with Jesus always Keep to Him and watchful be For the flesh is weak and lustful Sin is always lurking round  2 Firmly hold to Jesus always Let Him not depart from you Seek the path that leads to Heaven Turn not from the path of life     3 Faithful be to death dear brethren Watchful be in all your life Strengthen weak hands do not waver Steady knees to stand secure     4 Do not yield to sin dear brethren Sin disturbs your faith and joy Cast away all sinful pleasures Run the race as child of God     5 Seek Gods grace for every weakness Seek to overcome the flesh Fight the war against the flesh now Fight this war till life shall end     6 Courage take now in your struggles Like a soldier of the Lord Faithful always be in service In the Kingdoms work assigned     7 When Christ Jesus comes in glory You must not meet Him with shame But be ready for rich blessings Great reward awaits you then

HYMN 581
1. Always seek to do the good Weary be not in this great task When we love all to the end Peaceful rest we shall then all have More than this we shall receive We shall reap the harvest then  2 Carefully sow in the field Learn to sow spiritual seeds now When you sow to please the flesh You shall reap corruption from it When you sow right seeds in life Life eternal you shall reap     3 Seed we sow may be so small But that seed shall flourish so soon All we do shall have reward Great reward we shall all receive All we do here on this earth All shall have the wages due     4 Jesus help me good to do And be faithful in this life here Every day that you assign Blessings never cease in this life Seek the good to do always Pleasure in flesh must not seek     5 In great hope I do the right Harvest soon shall come with much joy What I do is much too small But great shall be my reward soon Bountiful your grace shall be Least deserve such great reward

HYMN 582
1. Blessed is he that walks not in The counsel of the wicked ones Nor stands in way of sinners still That seats not with the scoffers here  2 But his delight is in the Law The Law of God is his delight And on His Word he meditates He meditates by day and night     3 His life is like a planted tree A tree by streams of water found He yields good fruits like such a tree He bears much fruit in all seasons     4 Green always then his leaves shall be In all he does he prospers here He prospers everywhere he goes Blessed is he by God indeed     5 The wicked have a dreadful life They are like chaff driven by wind Like chaff the wind drives such away The wicked perish and are gone     6 Therefore the wicked will not stand The judgment of the Lord our God Nor sinners found among the saints They shall not dwell with righteous ones     7 The Lord knows all His righteous ones The way of righteous ones He knows The way of wicked ones perish Their wicked ways God shall destroy

HYMN 583
1. A refuge safe is not the flesh Trust in Jehovah Lord and God Sure foundation we have in God No other refuge we can find  2 Be careful seek to live aright More precious is your name than gold Treasure respect you have in life Seek honor in your name always     3 Careful be always and be still Carefully listen for your God Be careful with the tongue you have In wisdom utter little here     4 Do what is right show much respect Seek meekness and humility The good you seek to have from men Seek first to do for others here     5 Eschew all evil seek the right Pride forsake and all arrogance Gods blessing and His gifts to you Use faithfully account youll give     6 For righteousness strive for in life Seek righteousness and please the Lord You may lose all things here on earth Gods righteousness is best to have     7 Hold dear the favors in your life Forget not blessings from the Lord Give freely to those who have need Each others burdens bear always     8 Justice must seek in all you do Gift of discernment seek to have Wisdom to judge all things aright Be careful there is much deceit

HYMN 584
1. Create in me a clean heart Lord My heart is sinful rotten In sin my mother conceived me And my transgressions they grieve I know my sin and trespasses My heart is full of sin O Lord Restore to me a clean heart  2 New spirit put within me Lord Put righteous spirit in me Uphold me with such spirit Lord A willing spirit give me Blood guiltiness deliver from Deep faith in You I now desire Hope Love and peace I have Lord      3 Cast me not from Thy presence Lord Though sinful being I am Dear Father turn Your eyes from me Look to Your Son Christ Jesus He reconciled us to You Lord Deliver me from sin O Lord Blot out my sins completely     4 Thy Holy Spirit grant to me Uphold me with Your Spirit Take fear away from me dear Lord Let death not frighten me now Open my lips that I may sing The praises of Your Name O Lord Eternal praises Ill give You

HYMN 585
1. A stranger pilgrim I am Distressed I am in life Sojourner I am on earth I have a Home in Heavn  2 I long for Home with Jesus Home do I seek all life I long for this Home always There I shall live in peace     3 For there remains a Sabbath Rest for Gods chosen ones A Sabbath Rest in Heaven Seek to enter that Rest     4 Guide me Home safely Jesus Bring me to the Father Dwell with me Jesus always Be with me after death

HYMN 586
1. Bring to Jesus all your troubles Transient is the pain you bear Be not troubled be not anxious What can separate you from Christ Jesus is beside you still And He seeks to help you through Do not close your heart to Jesus Do not grieve the Lord your God here  2 Keep your faith in Jesus always Cling to Jesus in all things Let not doubts in life distract you Trust in Jehovah your God Great your blessings in the Lord Blessings by baptism have Give your life and all to Jesus Let Him make you fit for service     1 Bring to Jesus all your troubles Transient is the pain you bear Be not troubled be not anxious What can separate you from Christ Jesus is beside you still And He seeks to help you through Do not close your heart to Jesus Do not grieve the Lord your God here     2 Keep your faith in Jesus always Cling to Jesus in all things Let not doubts in life distract you Trust in Jehovah your God Great your blessings in the Lord Blessings by baptism have Give your life and all to Jesus Let Him make you fit for service     5 Hold fast to your love for Jesus Love the Lord with all your heart Love your neighbor as commanded Love your neighbor as yourself Love your neighbor what may be Jesus loves you as you are Forgive those that seek to hurt you Then God shall forgive all your sin     6 Run the race with perseverance And fight the good fight always Though you suffer much here on earth Though the fire be much to bear All this pain cannot compare With the blessings stored for you Blessings Jesus Christ shall give you Blessings everlasting youll have     7 Come whatever be my lot here By faith I shall stand for Christ What my God has willed for me here This I shall seek to fulfill Christ the Lord shall be with me I shall love Him take my cross If I am His now and ever He shall be mine now and ever

HYMN 587
1. Jesus our Great King be with me grant victory Forces of darkness come seeking to harm Agents of Satan come tempting to lure me Seek to destroy my soul with vain things here Many the tricks of the devil against me Deceitful wiles to attract me and destroy  2 Jesus grant victory You Lord art our Savior Satan the world and the flesh us pursue He comes with hate and with anger against us He comes with craft in deceit wiles and lies Help me O Lord when he comes in his madness Deliver me from his hands and save my soul     3 Lord grant me victory I need You to save me My sinful life is before me always The sinful life in the youthful days also My life of sin come confronting accuse Speak to assure me my Savior Lord Jesus Humble me Lord and take pride away from me     4 Jesus grant victory come cover my sins now Cover the sin of selflove pride and hate Cover my sin in my searching for power Cover my lust of the flesh and vain things Ive suffered shame and disgrace in my sins Lord Jesus Your death has now blessed me with new life     5 Jesus grant victory my life now I give You Take from me Lord flesh of lust and vain life Change this mind set on vain glory and pleasures Grant me a mind set on things high above Change my life Jesus and make me be like You Make body soul and the spirit just like Yours

HYMN 588
1. Jesus you are with us always Break all cords that bind our lives In your shame and condescension We have blessings from above In your judgments we have freedom From the mind of flesh and sin You have freed us from all bondage Life eternal granted us  2 Lord consider all our sufferings Great bondage we all are in All creation groans in pain here Freedom from the bondage seeks We seek great redemption from You Freedom seek from futile life Spirit of the Lord bears witness As we groan and long for God     1 Jesus you are with us always Break all cords that bind our lives In your shame and condescension We have blessings from above In your judgments we have freedom From the mind of flesh and sin You have freed us from all bondage Life eternal granted us     2 Lord consider all our sufferings Great bondage we all are in All creation groans in pain here Freedom from the bondage seeks We seek great redemption from You Freedom seek from futile life Spirit of the Lord bears witness As we groan and long for God     5 Help us in our weakness dear Lord Strengthen us and bear with us Help us to set this flesh aside Grant us freedom from the flesh Save us from the fear of people Save us from all doubts and fears Set us free from shame and worries Set us free from lustful flesh     6 Break my mind destroy its nature Lord destroy my evil mind In our death we cannot praise You Lord have mercy on my soul Save my sinful soul from death Lord Cast away all demons here Grant me freedom in You Jesus Wedding feast I shall partake     7 Jesus we now seek to love You Die with You bearing our cross None can overcome Your children Eden shall be Home for us Soon we shall be with You Jesus Come Thou quickly come dear Lord We shall be like people dreaming Freedom we shall have at last

HYMN 589
1. True life of the Christian different Its a life that grows always You must not think you are perfect You must strive for perfection Press towards the goal above Always take a stock in life Let the Scriptures guide you always Guide you into great perfection  2 Always pray and seek to worship Seek to do good generous be Labor hard serving the Master Faithful be in all things here Let Gods Truth guide you in life Justice seek in all things here In all things seek what is pleasing Seeking to please Jesus always     1 True life of the Christian different Its a life that grows always You must not think you are perfect You must strive for perfection Press towards the goal above Always take a stock in life Let the Scriptures guide you always Guide you into great perfection     2 Always pray and seek to worship Seek to do good generous be Labor hard serving the Master Faithful be in all things here Let Gods Truth guide you in life Justice seek in all things here In all things seek what is pleasing Seeking to please Jesus always     5 Life of God a precious life is Life of Spirit power that life In the flesh you are so different You have life opposed to God You need new birth from above New life you have from within Child of God you are a newborn You are now part of Gods own life     6 In this life you are so different You love God and think His thoughts You have new mind of Christ Jesus You will love Him bear His fruit By faith you will live in Him This is new life with your Lord Changed from glory into glory Righteousness you must seek ever     7 Fill our hearts with power of Gods Word Holy Spirit fill our hearts That we may see clearly always What is right and what is wrong Try us Lord that we may keep Close to you and stray not Lord Grant at last to hear you calling Come you blessed one of the Lord

HYMN 59
1. O Lord, Almighty God Majestic is Thy Name Lord. By Word you did create, You made the earth and heaven. You spoke and all things came, At your command they came. Your power sustains them all, Your mercy is so great.  2 You are Almighty God, The heav'ns, declare your glory. Thy wondrous works are seen, All things reveal your glory. In great humility, I sing your praise with thanks. Salvation that I have, Comes from you Mighty God!     3 When I look at the heav'ns, The moon and stars established. The sun and seas and all, And all you have created. I marvel, and I ask, What is man that you made? So much you care for him, You love him more than all.     4 You care for us your sheep, Food, raiment all you gave us. You care so much for us, You crowned us with your glory. My inward parts you knew, Before my birth, you knew. You knew me all too well, How wonderful Thy works.     5 You blessed me with so much, And troubles you permitted. In Thy book is written, All days you did assign me. In life you sustain me, You bear me gently through. You seek repentant hearts, Your mercy is so great.     6 When I have you O, Lord, I shall leave all and follow. If I am yours, O Lord, What pleasure shall I seek here? Lord you have asked of me, My heart and all my being, Help me to keep to you, You are my Lord and God.

HYMN 590
1. See how hard it is to follow the Lord The Spirit gives life to us now by faith here Gods Spirit gives us new life in this flesh For we daily die for Jesus Christ our Lord Each victory helps us other battles fight The war is on  2 When you shall trample serpents as Christ said Their poison seeks to penetrate it harms not We must be watchful and be prayerful That evil shall not poison us destroy us To seek to follow in the path of Christ The cross must bear     3 Fight the good fight with the strength you have now With perseverance as your Lord a crown awaits The things eternal the soul must seek now Dwell on what youll receive from God this shall last Sorrow and pain shall face you in this life Look to the Lord     4 The Lord God sees all that happens in life He shall supply abundantly all you need Rich treasures reserved in Heaven for you In this life you have but a taste what youll have Nothing can take away reward for you It is with God

HYMN 591
1. With fear and trembling walk Be watchful Christian pilgrim Watch carefully in prayer Be careful there is danger With fear and trembling walk As those who are in Christ If righteous suffer thus What shall the sinful face  2 The devil prowls around Steal and to kill destroy us His traps are many here He sets them in the darkness This world is mad in sin Deceived and trapped confused The greatest foe we face The flesh our foe so strong     1 With fear and trembling walk Be watchful Christian pilgrim Watch carefully in prayer Be careful there is danger With fear and trembling walk As those who are in Christ If righteous suffer thus What shall the sinful face     2 The devil prowls around Steal and to kill destroy us His traps are many here He sets them in the darkness This world is mad in sin Deceived and trapped confused The greatest foe we face The flesh our foe so strong     5 We are so full of sin Such life we have no insight Our thoughts are full of sin Guilty we are before God The sin one man commits Spreads fast affecting more The one who thinks he stands Must careful be or fall     6 The trespass of Adam Caused ruin for all humankind But Jesus Christ suffered Gods wrath for sin committed Forget not this great love In Baptism received Soon life shall end for you Death shall come quickly soon     7 When I remember these And ponder them in spirit I tremble much within Fearful become with much dread I have faith in You Lord In You only I trust I plead for mercy Lord Intercede for the world

HYMN 592
1. Lord my hearts desire is Heavn to be with You Where no evil can be Where no pain shall be O that you may also Seek such place so glorious Be with God in Heaven Home eternally  2 Jesus Christ the Savior Way to Heavn our Home Come to Jesus and find Heaven place to go Trust Him only always Seek Him with your heart That He may be yours now And youll be His child     1 Lord my hearts desire is Heavn to be with You Where no evil can be Where no pain shall be O that you may also Seek such place so glorious Be with God in Heaven Home eternally     2 Jesus Christ the Savior Way to Heavn our Home Come to Jesus and find Heaven place to go Trust Him only always Seek Him with your heart That He may be yours now And youll be His child

HYMN 593
1. God Almighty Glorious Father To You Lord I cry with pleading With you I plead though worm Hear thy struggling child come praying One who struggles faced with death here Sinful orphan child I am  2 Lord I linger struggle much here I am standing between great gulfs And I am not safe here In a twinkle of eye Ill be Either with you in Home above Or be with Satan in hell     3 O Jehovah grant me new heart Pour into my life O Lord God Gracious blessings I need Grant me behold Your precious gifts That I may not faint in death Lord That I may not perish here     4 Help me know that there is great Day Frightening Day when you shall come back Come with pomp and glory Day for judgment judgment for men Let me hear your voice Lord saying You are not condemned my child     5 Fix my mind on this thought always With all strength and might I must seek Seek eternal life here All Your plans Lord shall ripen soon Grant that righteous fruit shall bear now Bear much fruit for You my God     6 Savior Lord have mercy on me Save my soul deliver me Lord Make me one with You Lord Faith shall matter Life eternal The night watch has ended here now Love eternal we do have

HYMN 594
1. Children of peace listen to the Lords Word Love your neighbor as yourself By this you shall have great peace where you dwell And you shall be greatly blessed Truly we have grace abundant from God By this we must lay our lives for others We shall be each others friends This is what we all must seek  2 Great respect you must have for all Gods saints Humble you must also be If you are filled with the love of Jesus You shall love each other well If you have a friend that loves you so well You should love this person as yourself same And you all shall peaceful live Joyful life you all shall have     1 Children of peace listen to the Lords Word Love your neighbor as yourself By this you shall have great peace where you dwell And you shall be greatly blessed Truly we have grace abundant from God By this we must lay our lives for others We shall be each others friends This is what we all must seek     2 Great respect you must have for all Gods saints Humble you must also be If you are filled with the love of Jesus You shall love each other well If you have a friend that loves you so well You should love this person as yourself same And you all shall peaceful live Joyful life you all shall have

HYMN 595
1. If you profess to love the Father But love not people in your life You are not truthful but a liar You are in death and not in life Love is of God for God is Love We must be one with God in love  2 We have one Lord we have one Father And we all share one common flesh I must show love to those around me Love neighbor as I love myself Almighty God made all for all He did not make for only one     3 Jesus You are the Savior for all You gave Yourself for all mankind Jesus Your Blood is all sufficient The price You paid for all our sin I cannot spite those You have saved For those You shed Your Holy Blood     4 Great sin in me God has forgiven He loved me and forgave my sin If any friend trespass and wrong me Should hurt me hate me in this life I must not seek revenge for this But seek forgiveness for my friends     5 If I should love the Saints of God here And love the least of all brethren And even give cold water needed To quench the thirst of one in need The Lord regards such precious gifts He sees such offering as for Him     6 If you do not show love to others Compassion may not come your way If you hate others you seek judgment Death judgment you seek for yourself So plead with God His grace to grant Give you a heart to love all men

HYMN 596
1. Lord Jesus help me love my neighbor truly Seek not to judge him seek not to condemn him Seek not to harm him by unhelpful comments Seek not to undermine  2 Grant me to bear with weaknesses of others Grant me compassion with a heart that feels Help me to grieve for those that hate and hurt me Help me to bear them up     3 Help me to seek their welfare and support them Help me to see the precious soul they have too Jesus You died for all these souls so precious You died for all mankind     4 Help me to love the strengths of those that hate me For all such good gifts come from Lord the Father Help me that I may not covet his treasures But rejoice in his gifts     5 Lord make me humble meek and lowly servant To serve all men as pleasing in Your sight Lord Help me to seek not hatred for anyone Selfless help me to be

HYMN 597
1. See how pleasant and how good Joyful life we all shall have When believers in the Lord Live as friends in unity Live in peace and unity  2 Such life is like fragrant oil On the head of Aaron poured Oil that flows down from his head Down to beard and to his robe Love must be so fragrant too     3 Where Gods people live in love There His promises shall dwell Blessings full He pours on them Life in all its fullness gives Jesus we desire such love

HYMN 598
1. Behold how good it is Pleasant it is also When brothers dwell in unity Such life we must desire  2 It is like precious oil Upon the head is poured Such precious oil that flows from head Into the beard it flows     3 It is like precious oil Poured upon Aarons head Runs down into his beard below Into the robe he wore     4 It is like Hermons dew That falls from high above Upon the mounts of Zion fall Such dew come from above     5 For there Jehovah spoke Spoke blessings from above A covenant of life He blessed Life forever He gives

HYMN 599
1. Eternal Ruler of the ceaseless round Of circling planets singing on their way Guide of the nations from the night profound Into the glory of the perfect day Rule in our hearts that we may ever be Guided and strengthened and upheld by Thee  2 We are of Thee the children of Thy love The brothers of Thy wellbeloved Son Descend O Holy Spirit like a dove Into our hearts that we may be as one As one with Thee to whom we ever tend As one with Him our Brother and our Friend     3 We would be one in hatred of all wrong One in our love of all things sweet and fair One with joy that breaketh into song One with the grief that trembleth into prayer One in power that makes the children free To follow truth and thus to follow Thee     4 O clothe us with Thy heavenly armour Lord Thy trusty shield Thy Sword of Love Divine Our inspiration be Thy constant word We ask no victories that are not Thine Give or withhold let pain or pleasure be Enough to know that we are serving Thee

HYMN 6
1. My soul shall bless the Lord today, And all my being praise His Name. His kindness leads me all the way, My heart and mouth, tell of His Love. For He forgives me all my sin, He heals diseases of mine, He saves my life from danger, My soul He frees from death, He pours His grace upon me, As eagle, my strength He renews, Jehovah shall protect His own, His suffering ones He'll defend.  2 The Lord reveals His righteousness, And takes the side of those oppressed. And even in the wilderness, He proved His power to the distressed. His mercy is forever sure, His anger slow and controlled, He keeps us in His kindness, His patience is untold, His grace is high as heaven, For all those who honor His Name, Our sin, Jesus has forgiven, Our sin, He has washed away.     3 As fathers show compassion here, For little children they all have, So God our Lord is merciful, Towards the people that fear Him. He knows our nature and our ways, He knows we are only dust. We are like grass that withers, Like flowers of the fields; When scorching winds come over, They dry up and perish quickly. So we dry up and perish here, Both small and the great alike.     4 God's love and goodness never fails, For those that fear His Holy Name. For those that follow His commands, And walk before Him without blame. God's Throne is firm in highest Heav'n, He rules as King over all. You strong and mighty angels, Who always do His Will, You heav'nly powers come praise Him, Almighty God servants you are, And you my soul join in His praise, And worship the Lord your God.     5 We all must come and give much thanks, To God the Father, Son, Spirit. God's promises have come to pass, His blessings we have all received. Our hope is now in God the Lord, In Him we now trust always. We have become His children, We must cling to our God, Our safety is in Jesus, Secure we are even to death, In this, we all unite to sing, â€˜Hallelujah and Amen'!

HYMN 60
1. Great is the Lord, All creatures do acknowledge; [Glorious is He, Let all now praise, Jehovah Lord. All creatures sing together, The Lord is great.   2 Great is the Lord, In wisdom He made all things; [He made the heav'ns, How vast His works in heav'n above. Great King we have, with Wisdom, The Lord is great.      3 Great is the Lord, See how He makes the morning; [And makes the night, All suited for life on this earth. All things are free and wondrous, The Lord is great.      4 To Him alone, All praise and thanks be given; [All earth must sing, All nations come, join the chorus. We all must say together, The Lord is great.

HYMN 600
1. If I may be so fluent Or speak with angels tongue But have no love for people I am a noisy gong I am a clanging cymbal That has no life itself My labor all in this life Is vain and nothing much  2 If I can prophesy here Have great prophetic powers All mysteries understand here Knowledge from Heavn I have If I have great faith on earth And can move mountains here But lack true love for others I am nothing in life     1 If I may be so fluent Or speak with angels tongue But have no love for people I am a noisy gong I am a clanging cymbal That has no life itself My labor all in this life Is vain and nothing much     2 If I can prophesy here Have great prophetic powers All mysteries understand here Knowledge from Heavn I have If I have great faith on earth And can move mountains here But lack true love for others I am nothing in life     5 If I give all I have here Give to the poor my life If I give up this body And it is even burned But have not love for others I gain nothing in life Love is the most important Love is what I must give     6 Love is shown by our patience Love shows in kindness too It is not jealous boastful It is not rude in life Love also not arrogant It seeks not its own way Irritable love is not Resentful it is not     7 Lord fill my heart with love now Fill me with all Your love For I have none in my heart Selflove is what I have I need Your love Lord Jesus Fill all my heart with love That I may live to please You Please You here and above

HYMN 601
1. O God of mercy God of might In love and pity infinite Teach us as ever in Thy sight To live our life to Thee  2 And Thou who camst on earth to die That fallen man might live thereby O hear us for to Thee we cry In hope O Lord to Thee     3 Teach us the lesson thou hast taught To feel for those Thy blood hath bought That every word and deed and thought May work a work for Thee     4 For all are brethren far and wide Since thou O Lord for all hast died Then teach us whatsoeer betide To love them all in Thee     5 In sickness sorrow want or care Whateer it be tis ours to share May we where help is needed there Give help as unto thee     6 And may thy Holy Spirit move All those who live to live in love Till thou shalt greet in Heavn above All those who give to Thee

HYMN 602
1. Love one another said the Lord Love others as I have loved you Love one another with pure love O Jesus give me this pure love  2 That I might love my brethren here Love all those that Your Name proclaim That we may all Thy children be You are our Head we are Your own     3 Just as You loved all humankind You saved the world by Your great love Grant me to have such love for all Lord fill my heart with love for all     4 Lord Jesus give Your love to me That I might love as You would like That I might suffer not great shame When on that Day You seek account

HYMN 603
1. What I seek to say in this life And whatever I shall do I should ask what pleases Jesus And do what shall please the Lord  2 I should always ask the question Will Christ say what I would say Would He sanction such a statement Would He do such things I do     3 Do I truly follow Jesus Do I seek the things He seeks Do I seek the pleasures of life All that panders to the flesh     4 Jesus show me your ways clearly Show the state too of my heart Try me now and know my thoughts Lord Lead me in Thy righteousness

HYMN 604
1. O God You are my loving Father You give me what I need in life For all my life is with You dear Lord From You I came to be on earth You love me and You care for me You are my God You are my Lord  2 Protect me from the fleeting pleasures Vain things that seek to please the flesh These very things deceived tempted me They brought me guilt and sin and woe Thy Good News always I must seek Obey Thy Word that brings me life     3 Lord help me overcome strong passions Free me from all adulterous life Protect my mind from sinful thinking Protect me from all filthy talk Help me to yield not to the traps The cunning traps that Satan sets     4 Take from my heart the love of sinning Lord make my heart a worship place Dear Father grant that all my being My heart and tongue and ear be Yours My body and all that in me Be only Yours forever more

HYMN 605
1. Im not ashamed to own my Lord Or to defend His cause Maintain the honor of His Word The glory of His cross  2 Jesus my God I know His Name His Name is all my trust Nor will He put my soul to shame Nor let my hope be lost     3 Firm as His throne His promise stands And He can well secure What Ive committed to His hands Till the decisive hour     4 Then will He own my worthless name Before His Fathers face And in the new Jerusalem Appoint my soul a place

HYMN 606
1. Up on the mountains my Lord spoke Out of His mouth came fire and smoke Looked all around me it looked so fine I asked the Lord could it be mine  2 There aint but one train running on this track It runs to heaven and it runs right back If I behave they will let me ride Ill have a home there when I get inside Chorus     3 Oh I have sorrows and I have woe And I have heartache here below But while God leads me Ill never fear For I am sheltered by His care Chorus

HYMN 607
1. Soul be ready be prepared Watchful be and pray now That you may not fall a prey In this flesh so sinful Be prepared Satan comes Tempting all the righteous Many yield to his wiles  2 You must wake up from deep sleep From the sleep that sin brings For the thief comes well prepared Ready comes to strike you When you slumber and sleep When you are dead in sin He will come destroy you     3 Wake up friend alert must be Miss not blessings of God When the light of God bright shines May it not come blinding Glory of God so bright Shines upon His people We shall see His glory     4 Watch deceitful if the foe Watch that you may not fall Satan comes when you do sleep Acts before you wake up God gives up those that sleep To devices evil Though He loves and cares much     5 Watchful be look to the flesh That it may not harm you In this flesh you own in life Corrupt things dwell richly It is filled with great lust Seeks not glory of God But it seeks its pleasures

HYMN 608
1. All who suffer pain and sorrow Bear the pain you suffer gently Those who are free from all ills Must be careful and humble  2 Humility is so precious For those that will suffer greatly It is precious too for those That will have a life of ease     3 All those with this great quality They shall overcome all troubles For they shall be filled with peace And shall all victorious be     4 When you face great tragedies here Great depression you experience Patiently endure the pain God shall help you to endure     5 Careful be when you prosper here Temptation of pride awaits you Be careful and humble be Careful be to not stumble     6 When all things go so wrong for you Worried troubled much with problems Patiently wait for your God He will order all your life     7 When you are despised forsaken When men hate you and reject you When you have done nothing wrong Patiently bear all this pain     8 Patient be when you are tempted Patient be in generous giving In patience weep with much joy For great joy shall fill your heart

HYMN 609
1. All you that follow Jesus Great patience you need now When you face trouble in life Patiently bear it all In trouble and in pain When treated cruelly with hate Stand firmly in all things here Bear all things patiently  2 Seek to please Jesus your Lord Do all to please the Lord When you leave things in His Hands Hell act so perfectly The suffering soon shall pass Though it be pain in Gods love Though it be pain from evil All shall soon pass away     1 All you that follow Jesus Great patience you need now When you face trouble in life Patiently bear it all In trouble and in pain When treated cruelly with hate Stand firmly in all things here Bear all things patiently     2 Seek to please Jesus your Lord Do all to please the Lord When you leave things in His Hands Hell act so perfectly The suffering soon shall pass Though it be pain in Gods love Though it be pain from evil All shall soon pass away     5 This gift of patience from God From Holy Spirit comes The Lord shall give me great gift This gift I shall now seek Spirit of God come now Come dwell in me dwell richly Take all worries from my heart Come bear the load I have     6 By faith I have great patience Persevere in this faith I shall stand on His promise Great confidence Ill have Patience from God of love The love of Christ is with me Hell not forsake nor cast out So I shall patient be     7 My God my Savior and Lord Grant me patience I pray Peace dwells with You Christ Jesus I trust You Lord my God This transient pain shall pass All suffering shall fade away Peace I shall have from my God Eternal joy shall have

HYMN 61
1. Let us sing a song of blessing, Let us thank the Lord today. For His love is never-ceasing, And His kindness on our way; With His mercy and protection, He is with His children still. And with all that do His will, In this world of imperfection; Everything in this world ends, But God's love for ever stands  2 As an eagle spreads its feathers, Covering its little ones; So the arm of God is ever, Stretched above His trusting sons; He knew us from the beginning, He will keep us till at last. When this earthly life is past, We shall praise Him, gladly singing; Everything in this world ends, But God's love forever stands     3 He sent His dear Son to save us, Save us from sin and from hell. Through His blood, He dearly gave us, Freedom from the devil's spell; O how generous is His mercy, How can any human mind, Through its wisdom ever find, All the depths of God's great mercy, Everything in this world ends, But God's love forever stands     4 By His Spirit, He will guide us, By His Word, He leads us on. Let the world with scorn deride us, We belong to His dear Son. He will fill our hearts with courage, And with faith and heav'nly light, He will overcome all fright, Even death and hell's disparage. Everything in this world ends, But God's love forever stands.     5 By the love of God His Father, Jesus keeps my soul from harm, When the flesh is weak and troubled, I repair to Him for help. When I feel so weak and helpless, When all hope is gone away. Then the Lord comes close to me, Fresh hope and life I have from Him. Everything in this world ends, But God's love forever stands.     6 When I sleep the Lord is with me, Peaceful rest I have in Him. In the morning when I wake up, I declare His gracious care. If the Lord shall not protect me, Human watch is all in vain, I shall quickly perish here, Suffer danger and destruction. Everything in this world ends, But God's love forever stands.

HYMN 610
1. Wait my soul and tarry Tarry with God He will help you carry Carry every load Why fret and fear When the morn is near With the passing winter Spring shall soon appear When fierce storms distress In every ill God will surely bless you Be still my soul  2 Wait my soul and tarry Tarry with God He will help you carry Carry every load When all things fail God will still prevail He can safely lead you Through dark vale you trod Lord God eternal Leads to the goal Christ forever Faithful Saves you my soul     3 Wait my soul and tarry Tarry with God He will help you carry Carry every load When life shall cease God will grant release Out of sorrow lead me Into blessed peace When through afflictions Thy way Ive trod Joy eternal follows Faithful is God

HYMN 611
1. When in pride the self exalt God shall humble you my soul Therefore humble be in life God Himself shall lift you high  2 Christs example you must see Glory above all He left Everlasting God took flesh Servant came though He is Lord     3 Humble meek was Jesus Christ Obedient He was in life Obedient was He to death On the Cross of shame He died     4 Jesus God exalted High He has Name above all names That all in the earth and Heavn Bow before Him and worship     5 Into Kingdom of our Lord We must come in humbleness By this we shall come to God And be part of His Kingdom     6 If you have a haughty life And you seek the world to please And you walk proudly in life God shall bring you low at last     7 Therefore wear humility Bind it on yourself always Grace of God and favor have Glory of the Lord youll see

HYMN 612
1. When God has blessed you with a wife Who loves you and you also love Then you have priceless gift from Him Be happy and rejoice always  2 The good wife loves her husband much She loves him and she cares for him In joy and trouble and suffering She sticks to him and him alone     3 She also gives him good counsel When in distress she comforts him She longs for him and waits for him Companionship she seeks with him     4 Husband provide well for your wife The wife also must seek to bless God now has made you one in Him Let nothing separate you in life     5 Christ Jesus watches over you His blessings you have now received Grace mercy from Him all are yours God has provided all your needs     6 Seek always to please God in life Be faithful to Him in all things Live peacefully in this marriage That you may end in Gods own Rest     7 Bless Lord Thy Church with bliss from You Bless this man and woman and all That we may follow truth in You Walk in Your paths to Home above

HYMN 613
1. Our glorious Lord by grace from You We humbly come to You We thank You Lord we praise Your Name Such great love You have shown You laid Your life for all mankind For sinners gave Your life That they may all become Your Bride Become a part of You  2 A mystery profound we know now How special marriage is You are the Husband of the Church As husband to the wife You loved the Church gave her Your life  So husband love your wife That you may be one with her now Like Jesus and His Church     1 Our glorious Lord by grace from You We humbly come to You We thank You Lord we praise Your Name Such great love You have shown You laid Your life for all mankind For sinners gave Your life That they may all become Your Bride Become a part of You     2 A mystery profound we know now How special marriage is You are the Husband of the Church As husband to the wife You loved the Church gave her Your life  So husband love your wife That you may be one with her now Like Jesus and His Church     5 Grant Lord deep love between these two We now present to You That they may always patient be Faithful be in their lives Grant them to follow faithfully Obey You always please Grant them that when this life shall end They shall rest with You Lord

HYMN 614
1. Those that seek to enter marriage They must ready be for that If you seek a happy marriage Marriage sweet you seek to have Then spend much time with the Lord Fervently seek Him in prayer God shall help prepare and shape you Peaceful happy life shall have then  2 Pray much and good counsel seek now As you pray Gods counsel seek This is how you start a marriage Happy marriage starts this way This is how you both shall know That God truly made you one When He pours great blessings on you Precious blessings you have from Him     1 Those that seek to enter marriage They must ready be for that If you seek a happy marriage Marriage sweet you seek to have Then spend much time with the Lord Fervently seek Him in prayer God shall help prepare and shape you Peaceful happy life shall have then     2 Pray much and good counsel seek now As you pray Gods counsel seek This is how you start a marriage Happy marriage starts this way This is how you both shall know That God truly made you one When He pours great blessings on you Precious blessings you have from Him     5 Honor joy and other blessings Come from God for you to live Those that trust Christ Jesus always Life eternal they all have If this marriage is of God It shall be a happy one Husband and wife are together Peace and joy they shall have always

HYMN 615
1. Source of all life eternal God You made us in Your own image You made us for Yourself Lord You blessed us with all that we need That we may have fullness of life And You established marriage We now present these two people Here before You for Your blessings Grant them to live in Your presence  2 Head of the Church You are our God We are a part of You Jesus You care for us with great love You have redeemed us by Your Blood You have redeemed us from our sin You made us friends of Yours Lord We pray dear Lord bless this couple Grant them Your love and be with them Give them love to please You always     1 Source of all life eternal God You made us in Your own image You made us for Yourself Lord You blessed us with all that we need That we may have fullness of life And You established marriage We now present these two people Here before You for Your blessings Grant them to live in Your presence     2 Head of the Church You are our God We are a part of You Jesus You care for us with great love You have redeemed us by Your Blood You have redeemed us from our sin You made us friends of Yours Lord We pray dear Lord bless this couple Grant them Your love and be with them Give them love to please You always     5 The Father Son and Holy Ghost We are so blessed to have You all Together love us sinners Come sanctify Your people now And make us holy in Your sight You are our Lord we love You Receive these two make them Your own Live in their hearts throughout their lives Grant them to be blessed with life Lord     6 Come Father Son and Holy Ghost Dwell in our hearts and stay with us Come save us and protect us Come purify our hearts O Lord That we may live in purity Be with us that we may keep When this life is over in death Come and take us to Your Home Lord We shall praise You there forever

HYMN 616
1. Eternal God our loving God You blessed us with parents on earth From birth you guided provided Our needs you met in good homes here Bless Lord our homes we pray You now Pour every blessing on our home  2 Help children and adults we pray Help them to live in unity That they may grow in Christ always Be one at work in play and all Bless Lord our homes we pray You now Pour every blessing on our home     3 Our trespasses at home forgive Forgive our selfishness and pride Parents and children must unite Submit to You in everything Bless Lord our homes we pray you now Pour every blessing on our home     4 Our heavenly Father come to bless Help us to know our role at home Our footsteps guide and lead us Lord Grant wisdom in our troubles here Bless Lord our homes we pray you now Pour every blessing on our home

HYMN 617
1. God our Father eternal You are love Your love is full Help us love as you loved us That we may love everyone Love all as You loved us Lord  2 Gracious Father loving God Fill our lives with love from You Help us lay our lives for friends Peace and unity to bring Bless homes of Your children now

HYMN 618
1. Marriage Lord You instituted Marriage foundation You are You found helper fit for Adam You knew Adam needed such Companion did Adam need here His own flesh and bone he sought You made woman out of Adam Now the two are one in flesh  2 Man and woman God did create Out of grace He made them both That the two may be united Live in holy love from You You did promise blessings for us You O Lord our God we trust These two are before You now Lord We seek blessings for their lives     1 Marriage Lord You instituted Marriage foundation You are You found helper fit for Adam You knew Adam needed such Companion did Adam need here His own flesh and bone he sought You made woman out of Adam Now the two are one in flesh     2 Man and woman God did create Out of grace He made them both That the two may be united Live in holy love from You You did promise blessings for us You O Lord our God we trust These two are before You now Lord We seek blessings for their lives     5 Lord Your promises we seek now Bless these two before You now They have come to You for blessings Marriage blessings they both seek Grant that they may honor You Lord Make You Lord in heart and home Help these two O Lord we pray You Help them in joy or in pain

HYMN 619
1. If Jesus is your Lord and God Lord in your life and Lord at home Blessed you are and all your home Full life and peace you have in Christ  2 Bless Lord this couple and their lives All those that trust You Lord are blessed Those that believe and trust You Lord They shall be blessed with love from You     3 Blessed the home that seeks the Lord That home shall bear much fruit in You That home shall witness You always By grace from You that home shall thrive     4 Blessed the home where couples pray And pray without ceasing to you A home that treasures Gods own Word To follow Christ and do His will     5 Blessed the family that lives In Gods Spirit they live as one A family that works so hard Where each excels in gifts received     6 Blessed are parents in the Lord Parents that help grandchildren grow Parents that teach the fear of God A healthy home they make for all     7 Now as for me and for my house The Lord we shall serve with our lives Should all forsake the Lord our God This family shall serve the Lord

HYMN 62
1. In worship we have Highest joy, God's grace so much abounds here. Great priceless treasures we have found, All hope in God the Father. They shall find rich blessings in Him, They shall have great freedom in Him.  2 The One who cares for me and feeds, Who prospers the work I do, He is the Lord in all my life. He shows me the way to life, He leads me through the dangerous ways, My helper He will always be.     3 Some toil so hard for vain things here, They earthly things they seek for. They spend much time for all vain [things. I must seek what is so precious. True life and true pleasure I'll seek, Seek that which lasts forever more.     4 A living hope great pleasure gives, Father, grant me this hope now. Bless me with life eternal Lord, My soul, my flesh and spirit; I seek now to glorify God, I commit all to His own care.     5 In His love He knows my life time, He has planned all things for me, In His own time all things shall be. I shall leave all things to Christ, For He knows all the best for me, His will be done for me in life.     6 So long as I live here on earth, I'll yield to His ordaining. My trust is in Christ Jesus now, None else I trust in this life, What is of worth is God's will done, For all His promises shall stand.

HYMN 620
1. For me and for my house well serve Jehovah Well praise Him for He saves and cares for us Jehovah is our Rock and sure foundation In Him our faith is rooted steadfast deep This world may seek salvation in vain treasures In worldly things and lustful pleasures all But we have found full life in God our Savior In Jesus Christ and in His Blood is life  2 Christ is the Head in Him we all are members By His own Blood He purchased us for God With love eternal Christ has saved His children We have in Him eternal blessings now Such blessings rest upon the homes of Christians All those who seek to follow Christ the Lord But curses rest on those that follow Satan Blessings abound for those that have the Lord     1 For me and for my house well serve Jehovah Well praise Him for He saves and cares for us Jehovah is our Rock and sure foundation In Him our faith is rooted steadfast deep This world may seek salvation in vain treasures In worldly things and lustful pleasures all But we have found full life in God our Savior In Jesus Christ and in His Blood is life     2 Christ is the Head in Him we all are members By His own Blood He purchased us for God With love eternal Christ has saved His children We have in Him eternal blessings now Such blessings rest upon the homes of Christians All those who seek to follow Christ the Lord But curses rest on those that follow Satan Blessings abound for those that have the Lord     5 Let men deride the Name of Christ our Savior His Kingdom they disparage with disdain For me and mine our trust is in Christ Jesus By faith in Him we love and follow Him He will not leave us nor forsake His children He shall be near in danger and distress He shall be with us to the end of this life Hell bring us Home at last to be with God     6 For me and mine well love the Lord our Savior Fountain of Life is Jesus Christ for us We have His Word as rule for every conduct We seek to follow Gods Word in this life Before our Father we bring all our children Grandchildren too and all descendants bring That they may seek to follow Christ the Savior Eternal joy we all shall have in Christ

HYMN 621
1. O perfect Love all human thought transcending Lowly we kneel in prayer before Thy throne That theirs may be the love which knows no ending Whom Thou forever more dost join in one  2 O perfect Life be Thou their full assurance Of tender charity and steadfast faith Of patient hope and quiet brave endurance With childlike trust that fears nor pain nor death     3 Grant them the joy which brightens earthly sorrow Grant them the peace which calms all earthly strife And to lifes day the glorious unknown morrow That dawns upon eternal love and life     4 Hear us O Father gracious and forgiving Through Jesus Christ Thy coeternal Word Who with the Holy Ghost by all things living Now and to endless ages art adored

HYMN 622
1. The Lord God made all things in beauty In wisdom and in power made them He brought the things created for man That man may name the things so made That he may have dominion oer Rule all things that God has made  2 After these things God chose to bless man To make for him a helper fit For none was found in all creation That suited man for life on earth Companion God made for Adam Helper fit for him to serve     3 God made this helper wonderfully From mans own side He made woman Deep sleep He brought upon the man first He then took out one of his ribs Out of this rib God made woman And brought her to man as his bride     4 Adam declared in joyful singing This at last is bone of my bones He also saw in Eve his own flesh From his own flesh God made woman Then man shall leave his fathers home And be united with his wife     5 Now they are one in flesh and body No longer two they are but one For God Himself has made this union And only death can part them now So man must not break this union This couple is now united

HYMN 623
1. What is precious in this life What we need most in our lives Life in gentleness and joy Wisdom peace and faithfulness With humility kindness This life is pure life of love  2 People that have lived apart Now they seek great fellowship They had not each other sought Nor had they expressed great love God shall join in mystery Make them one in heart and mind     3 Man is raised in home apart From the home the woman dwells They have different lives and minds Also different in nature But when Gods own time has come They are made one in His Name     4 What the Father has decreed That shall come to pass for them What He has reserved for them They shall soon find in this life When that gift they see at last Their lives shall be so complete     5 New love these two people have Love refined love beautiful Love at table and at work Love in all things love so sweet Love so full in all their life Love in trouble and in joy     6 Take Gods counsel and be blessed Have joy peace and gentleness Have all faithfulness and peace Have great patience with kind hearts Wondrous life you shall have then Pure life that is full of love

HYMN 624
1. As we celebrate this marriage We invite You Jesus Christ How You went to Canas marriage And You blessed the couple there Be with us and bless us now Bless this couple we present  2 Bless us with Your peace dear Jesus Give Your peace to us this day As we bring this couple to You Make them one throughout their lives Only death shall separate them Make them one in You O Lord     3 Grant them grace to make their vows now Help them to make holy vows Help them to be truthful to You Help them keep to all their vows Jesus bless this couple now Bless them Lord for evermore

HYMN 625
1. Lord You established marriage Bless this man and his wife Bless body mind and spirit Bless them with all good things Give to this man and his wife What they are seeking now In prayer they come to You  2 Grant grace to these Thy children So they may one remain Help them always to know that You made them one in you You gave her over to man You gave the man to her In love you made them one     3 Grant them to love each other Help them to live in truth Fill them with love and truth now Renew their lives always That they may grow in great love Grow to be one in life In spirit one to be     4 Let your Word richly dwell now Dwell in their hearts O Lord Make them to be Your children Bless them with peace in life In mind in words and action And all that they will do Reveal you Lord Jesus     5 Give them great joy in marriage As you have planned for them Give them the gifts they both need In all their lives bless them Their troubles and their burdens Help them to bear in joy Until they end this life

HYMN 626
1. You love us Lord so purely You are the fount of life You instituted marriage In love You made this life To Canas marriage You went You blessed the couple there Send Lord Your heavenly blessings To bless this couple now  2 This couple is before You Make them one in You Lord Bless them now in their marriage Bless them throughout their lives What You performed in Cana The blessings they received Do same for these before You Bless Lord their families     1 You love us Lord so purely You are the fount of life You instituted marriage In love You made this life To Canas marriage You went You blessed the couple there Send Lord Your heavenly blessings To bless this couple now     2 This couple is before You Make them one in You Lord Bless them now in their marriage Bless them throughout their lives What You performed in Cana The blessings they received Do same for these before You Bless Lord their families     5 Plant in their hearts the Scriptures The Word must dwell in them Make them to prosper much here Gracious Lord be to them Grant fruit to bear abundant To glorify You Lord Help them to live before You Live in Your holiness     6 Jesus the joy of all life The Prince of Peace You are Grant them great courage always Help them in troubles here Be with them as they start life Be with them to the end And when this life is over Grant them to see You Lord

HYMN 627
1. Blessed you are that fear the Lord Jehovah Blessed are they that walk in His ways You shall eat fruit from labor of your own hands You shall be happy and be so blessed Your wife shall be like a fruitful vine tree A fruitful vine within your own house here Fruitful shall be fruitful shall be  2 Your children shall be like shoots of the olive Surrounding You at the table laid Lo shall the man be blessed who fears the Lord God The Lord Himself shall bless this man now The Lord shall come bless this man from Zion The Lord shall also bless you very much You shall be blessed you shall be blessed     3 God shall prosper you much in this life on earth You shall be blessed by the most High God You shall live long with more abundant blessings And see blessings of Jerusalem May you live long to see all your children See all your great grand children in this life Hallelujah Hallelujah

HYMN 628
1. Blessed is he that fears Jehovah Blessed who walks in ways of God Fruitful shall be the work of your hands You shall be blessed with fruit in life Blessed you shall be in all your life You shall be blessed forever more  2 Your wife shall be a fruitful vine here Like fruitful vine within your house Your children like shoots of the olive Surround the table in your home God shall bless husband and bless wife Your childrens children you shall see     3 God shall be pleased to bless this man now To bless the man that fears the Lord From Zion God shall pour His blessings In all his life Gods peace shall have See blessings of Jerusalem The peace of God shall rest on him

HYMN 629
1. The marriage life is full of joy Is full of happiness and peace When blessed by God Jehovah From You O Lord we have all things All good things from You Lord on High We have your blessings always If You bless this couple you will Bless all present bless families Make this couple one in You Lord  2 When man and woman live as one Are faithful and live in Gods love Live in the covenant made There shall be much prosperity The angels also shall rejoice They shall be happy in love None can separate none can destroy Such a union God established What God joined no one can sever     1 The marriage life is full of joy Is full of happiness and peace When blessed by God Jehovah From You O Lord we have all things All good things from You Lord on High We have your blessings always If You bless this couple you will Bless all present bless families Make this couple one in You Lord     2 When man and woman live as one Are faithful and live in Gods love Live in the covenant made There shall be much prosperity The angels also shall rejoice They shall be happy in love None can separate none can destroy Such a union God established What God joined no one can sever     5 The man shall be like fruitful tree With branches spreading all around The wife be like fruitful vine A fruitful vine that bears much fruit Supplying needs of many folk Delightful fruits she shall bear Blessed is her husbands radiance Man of substance man of glory God Himself shall glorify them     6 The storms of life they shall go through Problems in marriage they shall have They shall experience weeping But those that put their trust in God All those that wait upon the Lord From Him they shall have freedom Be still wait now bear with patience Wait upon God He shall keep you Joy Hell bring you from the struggles     7 Come now our great King come to us Instruct us and bless us in life In joy or sorrow bless us That we may render thanks to you And sing to praise Thy Holy Name To magnify and laud Thee Midnight noontime all the days of Life till heaven till we see You We shall praise and glorify You     8 Then come our King we wait for You Come bless and teach us Lord our God In pain and joy be with us Well give You thanks and worship You Praise we shall give and magnify Throughout our life well worship Morning noontide in the day time And at evening till we see You We shall glorify You ever

HYMN 63
1. The Church of Christ, come now to sing, Come with much pleasure and joy. Sing joyful songs together now, Sing of the grace of Jesus. Sing of the blessings from the Lord, His wondrous works declare to all, Sing of His pleasant works here.  2 I was once in the devil's camp, I had no hope of life, dead. I struggled, wrestled in my sin, From birth I suffered distress. In sin I lived in bondage here, No good thing dwelt in me to do, Sin was my master and lord.     3 My wretched state did move your heart, You had compassion for me; You remembered your mercy Lord, And you resolved to save me. The fullness of your heart you poured, You did what was impossible. You gave your heart to a wretch.     4 The Father sent His only Son, At the right time He did send. He sent His own begotten Son, That He might save us from sin. He sent Him to take sin away, And conquer death by His, own Death, He came that we may have life.     5 What I am Lord and have become, Is from You Christ, it is Your gift. Come Kingdom of our God, come now, Establish glory of God. Beloved friend, be careful here, That you may not be led astray, Be in Christ Jesus ever.

HYMN 630
1. Parents you heard what Jesus said Let all the children come to me And do not hinder any one But let them come to me right now  2 For to such little ones like these The Kingdom of God now belongs Can any treasure here on earth Compare with treasures found in Heavn     3 We must believe what Jesus said Gods Kingdom shall not pass away If you have right to enter in You are so blessed for evermore     4 Parents you must obey the Lord Bring all the newborns to the Lord That they may all be raised in Christ Be raised prepared for life in Heavn     5 If you sincerely love your child Then seek to raise him in the Lord If you will not obey the Lord You have no true love for the child     6 What worth is treasure here on earth If life of children is so ruined In Christ they all are richly blessed They have a rich life in the Lord

HYMN 631
1. Lord have mercy on our children Look upon them graciously Conceived and born in sin they were But they come under Your grace By this baptism they come They are Yours dear Jesus Christ We commit them to Your care now Guide them in their life on this earth  2 You have blessed them now as children You preserved their lives from ills Lord we pray You bless them always Be with them throughout their lives Be with them when troubles come Protect them from all evil Help them to seek You in trouble Help them and deliver them now     1 Lord have mercy on our children Look upon them graciously Conceived and born in sin they were But they come under Your grace By this baptism they come They are Yours dear Jesus Christ We commit them to Your care now Guide them in their life on this earth     2 You have blessed them now as children You preserved their lives from ills Lord we pray You bless them always Be with them throughout their lives Be with them when troubles come Protect them from all evil Help them to seek You in trouble Help them and deliver them now     5 When these children face deception When they face the evil one Help them to stand firm for You Lord Help them to stick to Your way Help them deal with inward sin Help them overcome all lust Give them strength in mind and spirit Overcome corruption in life     6 Hear our prayer for these Thy children Make them truthful honest ones Grant that none of these Thy children Shall deny You and be lost Give to them Thy Spirit Lord Guide them by Your Spirit Lord That they may remain Your children That they may Thy glory seek now     7 Give me heavenly joy Father Give me joy on that great Day That I may declare with boldness Blessings I have in this life I shall come present to You All the children You gave me Have all ended well with blessings None has perished all are safe Lord

HYMN 632
1. Unless the Lord builds the house none can do it Those who build it shall labor all in vain Unless the Lord watches over the city The watchman stays awake in vain in it In vain you rise up early in the morning And go to rest so late after your toil Eating the bread of anxious toil in labor The Lord gives sleep to His beloved ones  2 Lo sons are heritage from God Jehovah The fruit of womb is such a great reward Like arrows in the hand of warriors they are They are the ones born in ones youth on earth Happy the man who has his quiver so full Of such reward none can put him to shame When in the gates he speaks with enemies all He shall be honored by the Lord always     1 Unless the Lord builds the house none can do it Those who build it shall labor all in vain Unless the Lord watches over the city The watchman stays awake in vain in it In vain you rise up early in the morning And go to rest so late after your toil Eating the bread of anxious toil in labor The Lord gives sleep to His beloved ones     2 Lo sons are heritage from God Jehovah The fruit of womb is such a great reward Like arrows in the hand of warriors they are They are the ones born in ones youth on earth Happy the man who has his quiver so full Of such reward none can put him to shame When in the gates he speaks with enemies all He shall be honored by the Lord always

HYMN 633
1. Jesus Lord of Heaven Now to You we come Place Your Hand on us and Bless us now O Lord  2 When You came down to earth When in flesh You came You did dwell among us And Judea You blessed     3 With our children we come We come to You Lord We respond to You and Come to You O Lord     4 Savior who has blessed us Bless our children now Bless us all that we may Now be cleansed O Lord     5 Give Thy Holy Spirit Lord come dwell in us That we may be Yours be Heavenly children     6 We shall praise You always We shall sing Your praise When we see You as You are We shall praise You

HYMN 634
1. Gentle Jesus meek and mild Look upon a little child Pity my simplicity Suffer me to come to Thee  2 Fain I would to Thee be brought Dearest God forbid it not Give me dearest God a place In the kingdom of Thy grace     3 Lamb of God I look to Thee Thou shalt my example be Thou art gentle meek and mild Thou wast once a little child     4 Fain I would be as Thou art Give me Thine obedient heart Thou art pitiful and kind Let me have Thy loving mind     5 Let me above all fulfill God my heavnly Fathers will Never His good Spirit grieve Only to His glory live     6 Thou didst live to God alone Thou didst never seek Thine own Thou Thyself didst never please God was all Thy happiness     7 I shall then show forth Thy praise Serve Thee all my happy days Then the world shall always see Christ the Holy Child in me

HYMN 635
1. Gracious Lord and gentle Jesus Look upon Your humble child Merciful be to Your servant Grant me Lord to come to You  2 Bless me Lord with heavenly blessing That I might grow well in You When this life on earth is over I shall dwell with You above     3 You became a child here on earth Help us be like You O Lord In our life and all we do here May we share Your nature Lord     4 May we follow You Lord Jesus Listen to You and be still Take the heart of evil from us Give us new hearts full of love     5 Give us grace to die to sin here Give us new life of Your life Help us live for You forever Amen Lord so let it be

HYMN 636
1. Wisdom of Jehovah Loudly seeks us all Calling us to come now And be blessed with life  2 In fear of Lord God Life of wisdom starts Knowledge insight deep and Wisdom comes from God     3 Listen to your father Receive discipline Treasure mothers guide spurn Not her wise words too     4 Honor great you shall have Crown of life youll have Ornament so great You Shall wear in wisdom     5 If men evil tempt you Seek to change your mind Dear beloved child do Not give in to lies     6 Do not follow such men Paths of death they trod When they beckon you run From them to safety     7 In fear of Lord God Life of wisdom starts Life of honor glory Follow wisdoms life

HYMN 637
1. Dear Jesus listen to Your child I know not what to ask In this life on earth You alone Has what it takes to lead  2 As children we come to You Lord Take refuge in Your grace Embrace us with Your love O Lord Grant me to be among

HYMN 638
1. Do you know who loves you so much One who loves you dearly too One who always meets your needs here In this troubled life on earth Do you know from whom your life comes One who gives you parents too Do you know who gives you all things One who watches over you  2 Do you know who died to save you One who died at Golgotha One who has secured salvation One who died for sin for all Yes I know this precious dear Friend Jesus Christ my Shepherd is Truly I belong to Jesus I am one of His true sheep     1 Do you know who loves you so much One who loves you dearly too One who always meets your needs here In this troubled life on earth Do you know from whom your life comes One who gives you parents too Do you know who gives you all things One who watches over you     2 Do you know who died to save you One who died at Golgotha One who has secured salvation One who died for sin for all Yes I know this precious dear Friend Jesus Christ my Shepherd is Truly I belong to Jesus I am one of His true sheep     5 Jesus loves me and I love Him I shall always praise His Name Hallelujah joyful singing Joy has filled my heart in Him Hallelujah joyful singing I shall enter Heavn with Christ Angels of the Lord shall meet me I shall always be with Christ

HYMN 639
1. Why should I not rejoice That Im born and live Can I now rejoice And boast about my life  2 Here on earth I weep much Weep for sin and woe Fearful is such life here Life threatened with death     3 If we had no Savior We shall face misery Now that He has come We have much to rejoice     4 All those who declare thus Lord You are my God Must no longer fear But now rejoice in life     5 I must weep for such love Love in Christs sufferings Love that found me out And now has sought for me     6 You did stir my heart Lord And I yielded all You provide my needs In life I now give all     7 Then again I must ask Should there be regret For my birth and life Here with all Gods blessings     8 If you are a Christian You will suffer much Joy and sorrow mixed But you must seek Gods strength

HYMN 64
1. Eternal Light! Eternal Light! How pure the soul must be When, placed within Thy searching sight, It shrinks not, but with calm delight Can live, and look on Thee!  2 The spirits that surround Thy throne May bear the burning bliss; But that is surely theirs alone, Since they have never, never known A fallen world like this.     3 O how shall I, whose native sphere Is dark, whose mind is dim, Before the Ineffable appear, And on my naked spirit bear That uncreated beam?     4 There is a way for man to rise To that sublime abode: An offering and a sacrifice, A Holy Spirit's energies, An Advocate with God.     5 These, these prepare us for the sight Of holiness above; The sons of ignorance and night, May dwell in the eternal Light, Through the eternal Love.

HYMN 640
1. Bless the Lord your God O my soul bless Him All that is within me bless Him Bless His Holy Name and praise Him Bless the Lord your God O my soul bless Him  2 Forget not His gifts All you have from Him All His benefits to you here All your sin forgiven by Him All your diseases He heals them as well     3 He redeems your life From the pit He saves God who crowns your life with blessings Steadfast love and mercy gives you Satisfies with good Long as you shall live     4 Merciful is God Slow in anger is Steadfast love of God abounding God refrains from chiding always Merciful is He Gracious is our God     5 Our sin God removes Far like east from west Far God has removed transgressions He sees not the sin forgiven Pitiful is He God so loves us much     6 Bless the Lord my soul All His hosts bless Him Bless Him all His ministers here All His works bless Him and praise Him His dominion all Bless His Holy Name

HYMN 641
1. O Lord the Lord our God Your Name is mighty great Your Name is great on earth Your great honor hid in glory In Heaven and highest Heaven You are Lord of hosts God Jehovah God Your Name is great on earth  2 When I look at the Heavns I see Your wondrous works The moon and all the stars Such wondrous things You created What is the son of man in life That You care much for him So mindful of Who is man that You care     1 O Lord the Lord our God Your Name is mighty great Your Name is great on earth Your great honor hid in glory In Heaven and highest Heaven You are Lord of hosts God Jehovah God Your Name is great on earth     2 When I look at the Heavns I see Your wondrous works The moon and all the stars Such wondrous things You created What is the son of man in life That You care much for him So mindful of Who is man that You care     5 You made man special being You made him less than God With glory honor crowned You set him over all the earth Dominion You gave to all men Over all things You have made You blessed him Lord You honored human beings     6 All sheep and all oxen All beasts in all the earth The birds in air and sky And all fish in the deep waters You gave all these to humankind O Lord You are so great Majestic One In all the earth You reign

HYMN 642
1. As I celebrate my birth On the day I entered this world When I review all my life Years that God Himself has granted What there is for me to give Lord to You  2 Lord You blessed me with this life You provided me with all things Clothing food and drink I need Till today You have provided Bountifully You have blessed What from me     3 O my Lord forgive me now Like a tree and stone I have been For those that forget You Lord Those that fail to thank and praise You You have given me all things So I live     4 Help me Lord to praise You now Praise You as one who is grateful Truly You have saved my life Praise and thanks I render to You For my life and all I have Praise You now     5 Lord protect me keep my life For this life belongs to You Lord This I give to You dear Lord Give to You Lord all You gave me To You Lord I yield my life All is Yours

HYMN 643
1. Jesus is my Savior He walks with me always In the paths I tread in this life Love drove You to come down Sent You into suffering Caused You pain from cruel suffering For me Lord You did come You did come in great power I am weak and lowly  2 Lord You love all sinners You seek to restore them You are moved by suffering sinners For our sake You came down Seeking us Your children And You never give up searching To redeem You did come Sinners You came to save Bear their curses for them     1 Jesus is my Savior He walks with me always In the paths I tread in this life Love drove You to come down Sent You into suffering Caused You pain from cruel suffering For me Lord You did come You did come in great power I am weak and lowly     2 Lord You love all sinners You seek to restore them You are moved by suffering sinners For our sake You came down Seeking us Your children And You never give up searching To redeem You did come Sinners You came to save Bear their curses for them     5 You did walk among us Walked the towns in Judea All Your travels brought us blessings Everywhere You went Lord Blessings followed Your works Preached the Word and healed and gave life Suffered hunger and thirst Sleepless nights You suffered But You pleased the Father     6 As I travel this life Let me learn from You Lord Let me follow You so closely Let me love the brethren As You loved me dear Lord Let me seek their welfare in life In the day and at night Be with me in all things As I sojourn on earth     7 Love of my dear Father Grace of Savior Jesus Holy Spirits peace I need now This is pleasing to me And the joy of my life In this I have hope eternal Loving Father keep me Guide me in Thy ways Lord Guide me to your Home Lord

HYMN 644
1. My great Redeemer and my guide Omnipotent is He None can compare with Christ my Lord In power and strength and might The great I AM Omniscient God His goodness is complete In stormy winds and dangers then Ill dwell secure in Him  2 When doubts and fears assail me Lord Ill trust in You my God You are the Rock no storm can move My sure defense is Christ Be still my soul for all is well For God is in control His presence overcomes the dark Hell save my soul from harm     1 My great Redeemer and my guide Omnipotent is He None can compare with Christ my Lord In power and strength and might The great I AM Omniscient God His goodness is complete In stormy winds and dangers then Ill dwell secure in Him     2 When doubts and fears assail me Lord Ill trust in You my God You are the Rock no storm can move My sure defense is Christ Be still my soul for all is well For God is in control His presence overcomes the dark Hell save my soul from harm     5 In deaths dark vale Ill fear no ill For You are with me still God Omnipresent You are Lord Of life and storms and winds  The Sovereign Lord ordains my life So perfectly He plans Hell lead me in His perfect peace Hell bring me Home in Heavn

HYMN 645
1. We travel in the Name of God Dear Lord go before us we pray Our heavenly Father loving God Protect our lives and bodies now  2 Dear Savior Jesus follow us You travelled on this earth before You promised those that follow You You shall be with them to the end     3 Holy Spirit give us Your strength Take over now and be with us Come comfort us in everything Send us and bring us back we pray

HYMN 646
1. Lord bless my work as I begin Bless all my labors as I start From the beginning to the end You Lord I look to for success Let all be well  2 All that I seek to do in life I must seek blessing for them all I shall submit all to Your will I shall come to You Lord in prayer Let all be well     3 Without You Lord I live in vain And nothing is of worth in life You grant success and fruitful life Therefore I shall depend on You Let all be well     4 In love You show me favor here Therefore I thank You for such love I shall feed on Your Word O Lord I shall obey what You teach me Let all be well     5 When I face suffering in this life Protect Your servant from all fear Help me grant me strength for all things Give me Your peace in my suffering Let all be well     6 Lord bless me in this life always Be with me till the end shall come Help me O Lord in all my life And when this life is oer in death Let all be well

HYMN 647
1. Jesus is close by me as I travel With much joy I travel with Him now By Him only I shall walk lifes journey He alone gives peace in all dwellings   2 On the mountains and in all the valleys In the seas and deserts and perils Jesus shall be with me and shall lead me Without Him I shall be lost in life      3 When I sleep at night Jesus protects me When I rise my Friend is still beside He alone shall guide me in Gods ways In my travels Jesus my comfort      4 I desire no one in life but Jesus He is all in all for me in life I have always gracious blessings from Him He provides for body spirit soul       5 When my life shall end in death here on earth Jesus brings me Home eternally I shall enter everlasting peace then I shall dine with Jesus in glory

HYMN 648
1. God be with you till we meet again By his counsels guide uphold you With his sheep securely fold you God be with you till we meet again Refrain Till we meet till we meet Till we meet at Jesus feet Till we meet till we meet God be with you till we meet again  2 God be with you till we meet again Neath His wings protecting hide you Daily manna still provide you God be with you till we meet again     1 God be with you till we meet again By his counsels guide uphold you With his sheep securely fold you God be with you till we meet again Refrain Till we meet till we meet Till we meet at Jesus feet Till we meet till we meet God be with you till we meet again     2 God be with you till we meet again Neath His wings protecting hide you Daily manna still provide you God be with you till we meet again     5 God be with you till we meet again Keep loves banner floating oer you Smite deaths threatning wave before you God be with you till we meet again

HYMN 649
1. Fill thou my life O Lord my God In every part with praise That my whole being may proclaim Thy being and Thy ways  2 Not for the lip of praise alone Nor een the praising heart I ask but for a life made up Of praise in every part     3 Praise in the common things of life Its goings out and in Praise in each duty and each deed However small and mean     4 Fill every part of me with praise Let all my being speak Of Thee and of Thy love O Lord Poor though I be and weak     5 So shalt Thou Lord from me een me Receive this glory due And so shall I begin on earth The song for ever new     6 So shall no part of day or night From sacredness be free But all my life in every step Be fellowship with Thee

HYMN 65
1. Life is empty, without Jesus, Life is poor without the Lord. We acknowledge all our struggles, Lord of mercy, see our plight. Come to us, in Thy compassion, Come and save us wretched people.  2 We are nothing, dear Lord Jesus, All is dark around us here. And we struggle with the devil, Deadly venom he sends out. All our life is poisoned by him, We are doomed, without your help, Lord     3 Come and guide us in your Way, Lord, In this only we have hope. Traps of evil are about us, Satan's net is over us. Life is filled with deceit and fear, Suffering is our lot on this earth.     4 We are cast down, dear Lord Jesus, No hope is there for the sick. Our best strength is weak and nothing, Life is vain here in this earth, We are humans frail and so weak, We lack strength to live for you, Lord.     5 Come now Lord, we pray you Jesus, Come as light and strengthen us. Open Lord our eyes and hearts now, Grant us grace to see your love. Sun of righteousness shine on us, Fill our hearts with peace from you, Lord.     6 In this Lord, we'll offer praises, Praise you from our hearts and being. We shall come before you Jesus, Come with joy to worship you. Let this whole earth sing your praises, Laud and honor Jesus ever.

HYMN 650
1. Forth in Thy Name O Lord I go My daily labor to pursue Thee only Thee resolved to know In all I think or speak or do  2 The task Thy wisdom hath assigned O let me cheerfully fulfill In all my works Thy presence find And prove Thy good and perfect will     3 Preserve me from my callings snare And hide my simple heart above Above the thorns of choking care The gilded baits of worldly love     4 Thee may I set at my right hand Whose eyes mine inmost substance see And labor on at Thy command And offer all my works to Thee     5 Give me to bear Thy easy yoke And every moment watch and pray And still to things eternal look And hasten to Thy glorious day     6 For Thee delightfully employ Whateer Thy bounteous grace hath givn And run my course with even joy And closely walk with Thee to Heavn

HYMN 651
1. My soul wake up from your slumber Bring to God the praises due Come declare His praises to all Praise Him always day and night At all times He is with you He protects you day and night From the devil and his minions He will protect you from all harm  2 Be with us Your loving children Comfort all Your children now Care for us provide our needs Lord In thy gracious mercies bless What we seek from You most now Fill us with the Holy Ghost That we may not lose our way Home Or be overcome by evil     1 My soul wake up from your slumber Bring to God the praises due Come declare His praises to all Praise Him always day and night At all times He is with you He protects you day and night From the devil and his minions He will protect you from all harm     2 Be with us Your loving children Comfort all Your children now Care for us provide our needs Lord In thy gracious mercies bless What we seek from You most now Fill us with the Holy Ghost That we may not lose our way Home Or be overcome by evil     5 Help me Lord be always careful As I live with evil men Grant my life to witness always And rebuke all evil men Make me blessing to such men Grant that they may not harm me Grant that all things shall proclaim You And publish Your Name all abroad     6 Help me to complete my life here Do all things to please You Lord I desire to live like You Lord Be like You when You lived here Faithful be to You dear Lord To the end till I shall die Leave this earth to be with You Lord And I shall praise You Lord always

HYMN 652
1. Gods food is now ready the table is laid Come feast at the table God now has prepared Come now and declare then Gods love for us all For God seeks to satisfy young and the old  2 He feeds all the birds and the beasts of the earth He gives them the food that they need for their lives The tiny small creatures He cares for them too We must all give thanks and give praise to the Lord

HYMN 653
1. We now thank the Lord Jehovah Who gives all things so good we need We pray the Lord God merciful Remember always us poor souls  2 Feed us with Thy Holy Word Lord Grant that Thy word may fill our lives Our gracious Lord grant us to have Eternal life we seek from You     3 Jesus Christ we give You all thanks For You became a stranger here You Faithful True and Living Bread Be with us that we nothing lack

HYMN 654
1. Now we give thanks to our God By whose grace He blessed us all We have life in all fullness We are filled with food from Him  2 He that gives food for the flesh Our souls needs Hell not forget For our needs He came from Heavn Down He came to save the soul     3 What our soul needs God supplies Life eternal He has givn We must not reject such gift We should take the life He gives

HYMN 655
1. Praise God from whom all blessings flow Praise Him all creatures here below Praise Him above ye heavenly hosts Praise Father Son and Holy Ghost

HYMN 656
1. Join us at Table Jesus Christ Your glorious presence we do seek Bless this food and partake with us With you partake in Paradise  2 You care for us as father does All that we need in life You give You provide what the body needs Supply the souls spiritual needs

HYMN 657
1. O give thanks to our God Give thanks my soul to the Lord God For He provides all that You need in body and spirit Praise God my soul Love Him with all your being Always sing praises and give thanks  2 Lord You are merciful All needs You generously give us You guide our lives on earth Wondrously help us to bear fruit All of our lives Our body soul and spirit All must give thanks and all praise You     3 Jesus You are the Word Come feed our soul with Thy Word Lord Provide our needs in life Provide our daily bread Jesus May we all thirst Thirst for You Jesus always Our food and life You are Jesus     4 Thy gracious Spirit Lord Come now with cleansing and healing Make us to be like God Make us like Him to be holy Until we are One with You Lord in all things Christ in us now and forever     5 Great Shepherd of the sheep Visit and strengthen Your people Prepare Your people now For feast eternal in Heaven Be with us Lord Be with us now and ever Grant us the joy to see Jesus

HYMN 658
1. Father whose will is life and good For all of mortal breath Bind strong the bond of brotherhood Of those who fight with death  2 Empower the hands and hearts and wills Of friends both near and far Who battle with the bodys ills And wage Your holy war     3 Whereer they heal the maimed and blind Let love of Christ attend Proclaim the good Physicians mind And prove the Savior friend     4 For still His love works wondrous charms And as in days of old He takes the wounded to His arms And bears them to the fold     5 O Father look from Heavn and bless Whateer Your servants do Their works of pure unselfishness Made consecrate to You

HYMN 659
1. From Thee all skill and science do flow All pity care and love All calm and courage faith and hope O pour them from above  2 And part them Lord to each and all As each and all shall need To rise like incense each to Thee In noble thought and deed     3 And hasten Lord that perfect day When pain and death shall cease And Thy just rule shall fill the earth With health and light and peace     4 When ever blue the sky shall gleam And ever green the sod And mans rude work deface no more The paradise of God

HYMN 66
1. Jesus Christ is Lord of all life, Priceless treasure, Jesus is. He came down from God to save us, Save us from death in our sin.  2 For our sake, Christ took frail flesh here, He became poor like all men. He became a Lamb from God now, Death eternal, saved us from.     3 For our sin Christ suffered anguish, Bore the wages of our sin. Bore the curse we all deserve now, Christ has saved His own from death.     4 Jesus Christ suffered for sinners, Heav'nly joy from Him we have. By His death and resurrection, We now have eternal life.

HYMN 660
1. If I have sufficient strength I shall use to praise God I shall sing praise melodious Glorify my Savior Midnight morning afternoon Praise God glorify Him Praises are due Jehovah For in Him we are blessed  2 My life and my strength and all All that I treasure here They belong to Christ my Lord Glorious is my Maker I am clothed with power from Christ He gives me all that strength Above is His glorious gift What Hell give in Heaven     1 If I have sufficient strength I shall use to praise God I shall sing praise melodious Glorify my Savior Midnight morning afternoon Praise God glorify Him Praises are due Jehovah For in Him we are blessed     2 My life and my strength and all All that I treasure here They belong to Christ my Lord Glorious is my Maker I am clothed with power from Christ He gives me all that strength Above is His glorious gift What Hell give in Heaven     5 If men shall praise glorify Make me king over all And I have riches and power All I need in this life I shall not profit from these When Im sick and confined Sorrowful and in distress What shall be my profit     6 By the grace of God our Lord I have strength to live here I can see the moon and stars Sunshine and all beauty I can see so well all things I can hear so well too I enjoy the food I eat Sleep refreshing I have     7 Jehovah I shall give thanks Praise Your Name for favors I shall sing praises always Magnify glorify Lord I pray grant me Your grace Till the day You call me Then Youll give eternal life Ill have peace in Heaven

HYMN 661
1. Thou to whom the sick and dying Ever came nor came in vain Still with healing word replying To the wearied cry of pain Hear us Jesus as we meet Suppliants at Thy mercyseat  2 Still the weary sick and dying Need a brothers sisters care On Thy higher help relying May we now their burden share Bringing all our offerings meet Suppliants at Thy mercyseat     3 May each child of Thine be willing Willing both in hand and heart All the law of love fulfilling Ever comfort to impart Ever bringing offerings meet Suppliant to Thy mercyseat     4 So may sickness sin and sadness To Thy healing virtue yield Till the sick and sad in gladness Rescued ransomed cleansed and healed One in Thee together meet Pardoned at Thy judgmentseat

HYMN 662
1. Thine arm O Lord in days of old Was strong to heal and save It triumphed oer disease and death Oer darkness and the grave To thee they went the blind the dumb The palsied and the lame The leper with his tainted life The sick with fevered frame  2 And lo thy touch brought life and health Gave hearing strength and sight And youth renewed and frenzy calmed Owned Thee the Lord of light And now O Lord be near to bless Almighty as of yore In crowded street by restless couch As by Gennesarets shore     1 Thine arm O Lord in days of old Was strong to heal and save It triumphed oer disease and death Oer darkness and the grave To thee they went the blind the dumb The palsied and the lame The leper with his tainted life The sick with fevered frame     2 And lo thy touch brought life and health Gave hearing strength and sight And youth renewed and frenzy calmed Owned Thee the Lord of light And now O Lord be near to bless Almighty as of yore In crowded street by restless couch As by Gennesarets shore     5 Be Thou our great deliverer still Thou Lord of life and death Restore and quicken soothe and bless With Thine Almighty breath To hands that work and eyes that see Give wisdoms heavenly lore That whole and sick and weak and strong May praise Thee evermore

HYMN 663
1. O Christ Jesus dear Lord Right way Lord You show You provide our needs and What we always seek  2 All the sick we commit To You Lord for care Comfort them and heal them Bring them Lord to You     3 Great Physician come now God our healer come Draw near to these friends be Gracious to the sick     4 The disease of the soul Life of sin we bring Take away our sin and Deepen faith in You     5 Those that are in distress We bring them to You Comfort them O Lord grant Them relief from pain     6 Lord You know our sorrows Grant relief from them Make us satisfied with What we have from You     7 Those that live in evil Grant them change of heart Grant them new life now we Long to see the change

HYMN 664
1. I said I shall guard all my ways here That I may not sin with my tongue My mouth Ill bridle to keep quiet So long as evil men are near In vain I tried to keep silent The distress in me grew much worse  2 Lord let me know how short this life is The measure of my days is small This life is fleeting and is nothing A few handbreaths we have in it We are but mere breath in this life Our life is like shadow on earth     3 This you allowed Lord God creator My peace Ill hold and now be mute We toil and labor seeking pleasure And heap up treasures in this life We soon are gone and leave our wealth We know not who will gather them     4 And now O Lord what do I seek here My hope is in You Lord my God Deliver me from all transgressions Make me be not the scorn of fools Dumb I shall be before You Lord Lord hear my cry and save me now     5 I am a stranger and sojourner I am Thy passing guest on earth When You chaste us rebuking sinners Remove the stroke from me O Lord Look from me grant me gladness God Before I die and be no more

HYMN 665
1. I shall extol You Jehovah You Lord have lifted me You did not let foes rejoice You saved me from all such I cried to You my Lord God You Lord have healed me now Therefore Ill sing Your praises Ill praise You Lord my God  2 My soul You have redeemed Lord You saved my soul from hell My soul restored to life now From deaths pit lifted me Sing praises to Jehovah O sing to Him all Saints Sing to the Name so Holy Eternal is His love     1 I shall extol You Jehovah You Lord have lifted me You did not let foes rejoice You saved me from all such I cried to You my Lord God You Lord have healed me now Therefore Ill sing Your praises Ill praise You Lord my God     2 My soul You have redeemed Lord You saved my soul from hell My soul restored to life now From deaths pit lifted me Sing praises to Jehovah O sing to Him all Saints Sing to the Name so Holy Eternal is His love     5 Gods anger but a moment Gods anger is so short His favor is for lifetime God pities all His Saints The night may come with weeping In pain we spend the night But morning comes with great joy The morning soon shall come     6 My helper is Jehovah Mourning shall turn to joy The mourning sackclothes remove With gladness take away My soul shall praise my Maker I shall not silent be O Lord my God Ill praise You And always give You thanks

HYMN 666
1. Lord I come infirmed to You Distressed Lord I come Great Physician make me whole To You Lord I come Thou Son of God Comforter You are to me Holy love Youve shown to all Come Lord to me  2 Those You love You chastise Lord I thank You for this When You discipline me Lord Ill be purified Come quickly Lord Come and heal me Lord I pray Let not sin in me remain Come quickly Lord     3 Lord Thy will be done in me Do what pleases You If You grant a thorn till death Amen let it be In love You act Let me always ready be Ready to depart this life Receive me Lord

HYMN 667
1. When shall I die and come to You Come to You Lord who died for me When shall I hear You say to me Leave now and come into my Rest  2 God loves me I love Him also I have regard for nothing else Lord Jesus my only treasure Nothing else I seek in this life     3 My body is part of this earth Ashes and dust the flesh it is All suffering shall soon cease for me I wait for upward call from Him     4 Send Lord Your angels come for me Come quickly take my soul away Grant holy angels bring me now Safely bring me to You in Heavn     5 Farewell Ill say to all my friends My family and all loved ones The time has come for me to leave And be with Jesus Christ above

HYMN 668
1. Leave me not dear Lord Jesus In old age leave me not Cast me not from Thy presence Help me O Lord I pray  2 I testify Lord Jesus Your grace has seen me through Now I am old and frail being Be with me to the end     3 My strength is weak and feeble Little I now can do Help me the race to finish Grant grace to complete well     4 I do not lose heart ever The outer nature wastes The inner nature grows strong Daily it is renewed     5 Bless mind to understand this Things above understand Help me think of the new Home With Christ as my delight     6 The ears are dull of hearing The eyesight is now dim Your Word is still so precious The Word is hid in heart     7 When I have pain and anguish Come Lord to comfort me Help me remember nail wounds The pain You suffered Lord     8 When I begin to tremble Fitful and see death near The life eternal promised You shall give me in Heaven

HYMN 669
1. God shall be with you through old age God shall be with you through life When you age and are frail so weak You shall be so strong in God He shall strengthen He shall strengthen The Lord God shall be your strength  2 When the hair grows grey in old age Put your trust in God the Lord In Gods bosom lie you aged He shall sustain and keep you God shall keep you God shall keep you With His Heart and Hands sustain     3 Old men women all you aged Look to Salem for a Home You shall soon be with Christ Jesus You shall see God face to face Youll be welcome youll be welcome You shall enter Life in God

HYMN 67
1. There is only ‘One', worthy, One we'll praise and give honor. One before whom, all must bow, Lay before Him prostrate here, Jesus, God who came in flesh.   2 There is â€˜One', who bore the load, Burden of the world He bore. One who paid sin's debt for all, Bore the world's sin to the grave. Jesus, One was crucified.      3 There is â€˜One', who gave us light, Light to see in this dark world. Light from God to give us hope, We behold this light of God, Jesus, who rose from the dead.      4 Who atoned for all our sin? Sacrificed His life for sin? He must be High Priest for all, For all sinners here on earth, Jesus, â€˜One', who reigns in heav'n.      5 There is â€˜One', who is righteous, One who glorified the Lord. This â€˜One' beckons all on earth, Seeks to gather now His bride, Jesus, He will come again.

HYMN 670
1. I seek You God my Father I come to You Lord pleading Be with me help me Lord For I am now a widow My trust is in You Jesus My hope is in You Jesus Christ  2 My sufferings overwhelm me I deeply grieve in anguish I am so confused Lord My maker I look to You My Savior and my helper Grant me joy in this life I pray     3 Lord comfort me Your servant Help me be still before Thee You hear my cry O Lord To You I look at morning At evening You are with me Be with me Lord always I pray     4 Have mercy O my Savior Your great love I desire for You are my companion The life ahead I know not Be with me guide me always Lord strengthen me and lead me on     5 Lord I desire to worship And praise You Lord my Maker Teach me and counsel me You know my troubles dear Lord Some seek to take advantage To harm me Lord protect my life     6 God You are Father for us Christ Jesus you our Savior Be with us Lord I pray For in You we have great peace We have all that we need here And we are safe in You our God

HYMN 671
1. Father God and Lord Jehovah Look upon me orphaned child You are my Lord and provider There is none to trust but You  2 In this life I have no parents They are dead and in the grave I rely on You dear Jesus You shall care for me and guide     3 I remember Lord Your promise You shall not leave us orphans You promised to come be with us Comfort us Lord in this life     4 Jesus I am sad without You Come to me come in my heart Help me trust in Thy grace Jesus Help me life eternal give

HYMN 672
1. Orphans and widows in the Lord Come sing and praise the Lord your God Yield all your life and soul to Christ Jesus will care and help you through  2 He is the Father of orphans He is the Husband for widows The Faithful God keeps promises He shall be with you and provide     3 Perfect Husband you have in God The Perfect Father you have now Trust God and hope in Him always Walk in His paths of truth and life

HYMN 673
1. Jehovah is Name of God Be joyful now in His presence Father of all orphans here He is God Almighty to save Jehovah His Name is great He is Father for orphans  2 God is God for widows too He takes care of all their troubles God shall care protect them all With His Holy presence keep them He shall justify widows God shall wipe away their tears     3 Come all widows Come to Christ Come all orphans come to Jesus Come and praise the Lord your God He has dealt with all your troubles Come and join the Saints above Come and glorify the Lord

HYMN 674
1. Lord of widows Jesus the Christ Your gracious mercies are so full You know the needs of those bereaved You know the troubles of widows  2 The widows seek to see You Lord And come to You at Golgotha To see You on the Cross of shame You suffered there to save mankind     3 On that old Cross where Jesus died There is assurance of new life Our burdens and our sins and all Christ Jesus took away for us     4 Soon we shall see the Lord on high Our comforter we soon shall see Our Savior shall be with us all All suffering here shall cease at last     5 All widows and all orphans here Come praise and worship Christ your Lord He is a Father Husband Friend Trust in the Lord forever more

HYMN 675
1. O God our help in ages past Our hope for years to come Our shelter from the stormy blast And our eternal home  2 Under the shadow of Thy throne Thy saints have dwelt secure Sufficient is Thine arm alone And our defence is sure     3 Before the hills in order stood Or earth received her frame From everlasting Thou art God To endless years the same     4 A thousand ages in Thy sight Are like an evening gone Short as the watch that ends the night Before the rising sun     5 Time like an everrolling stream Bears all its sons away They fly forgotten as a dream Dies at the opening day     6 O God our help in ages past Our hope for years to come Be Thou our guide while troubles last And our eternal home

HYMN 676
1. In Thy great Name we walk Lord God In Thy Name we walk No hope we have save in You Lord Hope is found in Christ Refrain Gracious Lord merciful God Have mercy on humankind Gracious Lord merciful GodHave mercy on all people here  2 Take away Lord love for evil Take evil from us Take away strife and all hatred Take our sins away Refrain     1 In Thy great Name we walk Lord God In Thy Name we walk No hope we have save in You Lord Hope is found in Christ Refrain Gracious Lord merciful God Have mercy on humankind Gracious Lord merciful GodHave mercy on all people here     2 Take away Lord love for evil Take evil from us Take away strife and all hatred Take our sins away Refrain     5 Make the land fruitful for harvest Bless the land we have Free us from slavery oppression Save us from them all Refrain     6 Give us good leaders to serve us Servant leaders give Choose for us wise men to guide us Give us just leaders Refrain     7 Establish justice for all men Justice we all need Unite us Father to serve you Make us one O Lord

HYMN 677
1. Lord Jesus Christ save us from strife Save our nation we cry to Thee To You our Savior we have come We look to You Lord save our land  2 Lord save the world we cry to You Evil and sin reign in this world We are divided so much here Knowledge is now a barrier great     3 Lord save this vain world from decay In vain we try to save ourselves Bless leaders with wisdom from You The wisdom sin takes from our hearts     4 Lord Jesus save this world we pray Grant leaders with a heart to serve Save us from bloodshed corruption Save us from sin and evil men     5 Lord Jesus come to save us now Inspire Your Church to be a light The salt and light to save the world Establish peace in all our lands

HYMN 678
1. We plead with You Almighty God Our President come bless now Grant wisdom grace and all he needs With justice serve Your people Grant Him to keep Your Word as rule Help him to seek to please You first Help him to serve all people  2 Help all submit to his service Give honor respect due him Live justly honest work to do Live in peace and respect all Lord grant true worship in our land Give us the grace to be godly Bless us and all in this land

HYMN 679
1. O God of love O King of peace Make wars throughout the world to cease The wrath of sinful man restrain Give peace O God give peace again  2 Remember Lord Thy works of old The wonders that our fathers told Remember not our sins dark stain Give peace O God give peace again     3 Whom shall we trust but Thee O Lord Where rest but on Thy faithful Word None ever called on thee in vain Give peace O God give peace again     4 Where saints and angels dwell above All hearts are knit in holy love O bind us in that heavenly chain Give peace O God give peace again

HYMN 68
1. Much decay is all around us, So much ruin in creation. God made us so beautiful beings, Sin has come to ruin us all.  2 Earth is full of pain and trouble, Hatred, envy, strife, we see. Flesh is strong, has overcome us, We are full of lust and greed.     3 Sin of Adam, our first father, Has corrupted humankind. Wages for our sin against God, Death eternal is our due.     4 Who can save us from such trouble? Who can save us once for all? Who can pay the wages of sin? Who can bear the curse for us?     5 Son of God, our Lord, Christ Jesus, He who comes from God in heav'n; He has died the death of sinners, He paid all the wages due.     6 Dear Lord Jesus, Lord of mercy, Look upon our misery. Save us from this world of evil, Grant us life eternal now.

HYMN 680
1. Mighty God of love in majesty You reign Lord The Lord who judges those that are so proud Lord make all princes and kings of earth confess wrong See need to confess Vengeance Lord is Yours  2 Blessed Jesus You did come here as a poor man You shared a manger with cows and with sheep Help us Lord to be just the poor with us to help Be just to all men that please You O Lord     3 Holy Spirit come and make us be holy Lord Help us seek justice for all people here Give us the spirit that seeks the truth here always Your glory to shine bright through us O Lord     4 God the Father Son and God the Holy Spirit Bind all mankind now with cords of Your love You alone we praise Lord well always praise Your Name Father Son Spirit we worship You God

HYMN 681
1. Lord we plead now heal the nations Listen to the prayer we make Grant that justice may prevail here Grant us seek equity too Fill us with love for each other Peaceably live with others  2 Grant us freedom from oppression From disasters rescue us Save us from all wars and hatred Grant us peace we so much need Grant each nation be a blessing Great advances we shall see     3 Take away all that is evil All that leads to suffering here Take away our greed and cunning Laws unjust take all away Grant us seek Your justice always Life is short help us do right     4 God creator of this whole world All on earth belong to You Make us grow in righteousness Lord Fill us with the life of Christ That we may obey and serve You Love all people here on earth

HYMN 682
1. Fret not trust in the Lord And seek to do good always Dwell in the land God gives Seek to do right before Him Delight in God your Lord In Him alone delight Desires of all your heart The Lord shall bless you with  2 Commit your way to God Trust in the Lord your maker If you will trust the Lord The Lord shall act to save you The Lord shall come bring forth Your vindication bring Your light shall be so bright As bright as noonday light     1 Fret not trust in the Lord And seek to do good always Dwell in the land God gives Seek to do right before Him Delight in God your Lord In Him alone delight Desires of all your heart The Lord shall bless you with     2 Commit your way to God Trust in the Lord your maker If you will trust the Lord The Lord shall act to save you The Lord shall come bring forth Your vindication bring Your light shall be so bright As bright as noonday light     5 Be still before the Lord Wait patiently before Him Refrain from all anger Fret not yourself for others When evil men succeed And prosper much in life Forsake their evil ways Be still before the Lord     6 Wait patiently for God The end of evil men comes The wicked shall be gone Soon they shall all be no more The meek shall possess all They shall delight themselves In great prosperity The meek shall all rejoice     7 Salvation of righteous Gift they have from Jehovah God is their refuge here In time of trouble protects The Lord delivers them From evil men saves them The Lord protects His own For they all trust in Him

HYMN 683
1. Dear Lord answer me I pray In the day of trouble hear me God of Jacob protect me Lord Your Name Ill praise and worship Send help Lord I wait upon You Send help from Your Sanctuary Lord  2 Lord my God grant me support From Zion may God come bless me Lord regard the sacrifice Favor all that I do for You May the sacrifice I offer Be a fragrant offering dear Lord     3 Grant my hearts desire O Lord Fulfill now in me all Your plans We shall shout for victory Come with joy to praise You Father In the Name of God set banners Our petitions You have answered     4 Now I know God helps His Saints God helps those He has anointed God will answer them from Heavn From His Holy Home Hell answer For the Lord knows all that are His He will quickly answer help them     5 Some will boast in chariots here And some shall boast in their horses But our boast is in the Lord In the Name of God we boast now Give us victory King of Glory When we call on You Lord answer

HYMN 684
1. O Lord our God our gracious King Your will expresses always To men and rulers and to kings You give all authority You have in place good governance Your Word shows us what we must do Help us to do Your will God  2 We pray for all You set on high Those You give authority Give them Your Spirit Lord we pray That they may serve as please You Give them the strength that they all need Fill them with wisdom from above That they may serve without fear     3 Help them to live in fear of You With mind and body for You May justice be their rule in life May they be just in all things Graciously help all leaders here Bless them and bless their homes O Lord Grant grace to be strong to serve     4 Under their term may we progress Let peace prevail under them Give us Your grace to do the right Serve with our strength for progress In righteousness we may all serve Together pray to you to bless Help us to live in honor     5 Grant that this land may know You Lord Help us acknowledge You God Lord be our God we pray to You Bless this land to be prosperous May we all bow to worship You King of all kings we honor You With all our hearts we praise You

HYMN 685
1. Dear Lord and Father of our nation You have been gracious to our land You have forgiven all trespasses You overlook our sinful ways You did not send Your wrath on us We have enjoyed much peace from You  2 Lord bless this nation still we pray You Be gracious Lord to us we pray Be angry not do not forsake us Be merciful to us we pray Lord grieve not over evil here Lord hold back wrath from this nation     3 Hold back not peace You give this nation May we Your blessings not forget Teach us to know Your will O Father Abundantly pour on us grace We pray for peace from You O Lord Help us not walk in paths of sin     4 You are so near Youll save Your people You hear their cry for mercy Lord They come to You in shame with trembling They come in grief with burdens great Lord hear our cries we seek You now Be gracious to us save our land     5 Lord give us grace and truth we need now Peace righteousness shall fill this land Truth shall spread through our land with blessings And justice shall rain from above Come gracious Lord come bless our land Abundant peace give everyone

HYMN 686
1. Come elders come all children Unite to praise the Lord God Come sing the Lord worship For we have peace and blessings Our nation God has blessed much He has made us all victorious  2 God is our help in trouble God is our strength and refuge God is our God indeed God made us His own nation God blesses all our people And God gives us victory always     3 We praise You and we thank You We bless the Lord for favor Acknowledge His mercies You have been on our side Lord The enemy Youve scattered All this abundance comes from You     4 We pray O Lord our Father Abide with us and keep us Let blessings remain here Help us to walk in Your paths Show us the way to Heaven Grant us to be with You in Heavn

HYMN 687
1. God has blessed our land with peace Victory He has given Our land is blessed with Gods peace Great refreshing land we have  2 We all come with grateful hearts We give thanks for all Your gifts In meekness we come to You Give You thanks O Lord our God

HYMN 688
1. God the Omnipotent King who ordainest Thunder thy clarion the lightning thy sword Show forth thy pity on high where thou reignest Give to us peace in our time O Lord  2 God the Allmerciful Earth hath forsaken Thy ways all holy and slighted thy word Bid not thy wrath in its terrors awaken Give to us peace in our time O Lord     3 God the Allrighteous One Earth hath deified Thee yet to eternity standeth Thy word Falsehood and wrong shall not tarry beside Thee Give to us peace in our time O Lord     4 God the Allprovident earth by thy chastening Yet shall to freedom and truth be restored Through the thick darkness thy kingdom is hastening Thou wilt give peace in our time O Lord

HYMN 689
1. Our Lord and heavenly Father God Give us Your peace in these our times Come drive away all enemies Except You Lord You Lord our God Except You Lord  2 We plead with You our Father God Be merciful provide for us Forgive our sins and trespasses In You alone we trust O God Lord protect us

HYMN 69
1. I know of a dear Friend, A friend from God above, Jesus the Christ, God's dear Son He came down from, above.   2 God loved this world so much He gave His only Son. Christ Jesus left His glory, He came to die for us.      3 God sacrificed Jesus, He gave Him for our sin. So come to Him my brother Give all your heart to Him.      4 If you love Christ Jesus, To whom none can compare. Then come with me to Jesus, He cares so much for you.      5 He came for salvation, For sinful man He came. With His own Blood He bought us, What priceless gift from God.      6 There's no one like Jesus, Who loves you dearly, friend. So come to Him my brother, Come now to Christ the Lord.

HYMN 690
1. Our God Jehovah Zebaoth You are the Mighty God Lord Your glory is so splendid God Earth trembles reels before You We bow before Your glorious Throne Your Throne so great above the heavens You are the Lord of lords God  2 You are so great we testify In clouds we see Your great works The lightning and the thunder see Reveal Your powerful voice here The lightning comes from heavn to earth Frightening is such for all on earth You send lightening where You please     3 The clouds full of water above Give rain for water we need Lightening and water You send down Great are Your works O Lord God In Your Hands we all are on earth You choose to do what pleases You You may decide to wipe us     4 We are rebellious people Lord We all deserve Your wrath God As You did of old to Korah We all should perish in earth As it was in the ancient times When great flood swept all men away We are all sinful none right     5 Watch over us we pray to You Protect us from all evil As You were with three men in fire Be with us Lord deliver As You did for righteous Noah As You saved him and all his kin Save us O Lord from peril     6 Stretch out Your Hand to bless us Lord Bless us and bless all people Lord You provide the food we need Give us each day our daily bread We thank You Lord for all Your gifts We wait to see You on that Day We shall be with You in Heavn

HYMN 691
1. Ascribe to God the Lord Jehovah All beings above bring Him honor Ascribe to God the glory due Ascribe to God all strength and glory Ascribe the glory due to His Name Come worship God in holiness Come worship God and come with praises Come with all thanks and lift Him High Come glorify His Holy Name now Ascribe to God the glory due  2 The voice of God is on the waters The God of glory thunders loudly The voice of God is powerful The voice of God breaks all the cedars The Lebanon cedars Gods voice breaks His voice breaks oaks and twists them all The calf skips and the young wild oxen The calves of Lebanon do skip The Lord God shakes all the creatures here The voice of God makes all things move     3 The voice of God flashes like lightening It flashes forth flames of great fire The voice of God shakes wilderness The voice of God lays bare the forest The Lord shakes wilderness of Kadesh All in His temple cry Glory The Lord sits over the great floods here The Lord sits enthroned as a King May the Lord grant His strength to us all Lord bless Your people with Your peace

HYMN 692
1. When we are in distress in life And we are lost hopeless our lives When there is none to help and save We come to You our Lord and God  2 You are our comforter O God You are the Father of us all We cry to You Lord hear our prayer We are in danger and distress     3 We lift our eyes we lift our hearts We lift them all to You O Christ Forgive us Lord our trespasses Condemn us not as we deserve     4 We come to You with burdens all We come to You with load we bear Forsake us not in our distress Our land is rotten and so sick     5 Look not upon our sin O Lord But Lord forgive us all our sin Great suffering we are in O Lord From trouble Lord deliver us     6 When You have come to save us Lord May we give You all thanks and praise Help us to heed Your Word in life Forever more we must obey

HYMN 693
1. Take heart my soul fear not be peaceful Be not like those that have no hope Let nothing frighten you or worry Look for a hope in God always The Lord your Father Savior God He knows the troubles you are in  2 I am so lost I need You Jesus Confused I am none can comfort I hear Your voice that calls the wanderer Lord You know all and can rescue You search for me You dearly love Youll make the evil good for me     3 What do I need on earth to help me I am from dust to dust will go All that I gain is food and clothing These last till death ends all for us To earth and dust the body turns Nothing we gain on earth will last     4 I came to earth poor holding nothing Naked was born from mothers womb Provision God made for my life here Prepared them all before I came Nothing I have but what God gives My mother fed and cared for me     5 Material things dont last are transient Why should I live for only these What is of value God provides us In Him I lack nothing in life God gives us more than food and clothes He gives eternal life in Christ     6 Good things for us and what shall harm us The Lord alone knows what we need When we see storms and we are worried And we become so frightened here The Lord reveals His glory then He draws near to His loved ones here     7 There is much that the Lord will give you You cannot fathom His great love When you lose treasures here in this life Remember pilgrim only are You have a Home with God above There treasures lasting are in store

HYMN 694
1. Our Father Almighty You are Your anger is upon us Therefore Youve held the rain from us The land is parched the crops failed The clouds have gathered over us But they have no rain for the land The ground hard as stone we see  2 Truly our sin is great O Lord We all deserve Your wrath God Your Word we have discarded Lord Our sin is now before us We come repentant and in grief We plead with You for mercy Lord Lord forgive us now we pray     3 For Thy Names sake remember us Consume us not in anger Remember covenant promise You are so merciful God Our empty worship You need not And none can give the rain we need Lord You alone bless with rain     4 We look to You our Lord and God With heart and soul we seek You Be gracious to us stretch Your Hand And bless the land with rain Lord You Lord control weather and all The clouds obey You and give rain Bless the land with rain we pray     5 For hardness of heart we suffer The land is dry as our hearts And as we seek rain from You Lord Rain on us Holy Spirit And help us now obey Your Word And draw us closer Lord we pray Dwell in our hearts we pray LordFor hardness of heart we suffer The land is dry as our hearts And as we seek rain from You Lord Rain on us Holy Spirit And help us now obey Your Word And draw us closer Lord we pray Dwell in our hearts we pray Lord

HYMN 695
1. We thank You Lord we praise Your Name Accept the offering we bring For You O Lord have heard our cry Our land You have blessed with much rain  2 You are the God who answers prayer Your grace is always sufficient Our sin and trespasses You know You are so merciful to us     3 You feed the body and the soul You give us food and righteousness We praise You Lord for You are good We trust You Lord we worship You     4 For rain on earth we thank You Lord From this we have abundant crops Much grain we harvest from the land We have much water to drink here     5 The grain we sowed Youve watered Lord The seed the rain has watered now They grow Your glory to reveal Receive our thanks for this O Lord     6 We give You thanks for food we eat All this has come from You O Lord Lord give us grace to keep Your Word And bless the land with rain we pray

HYMN 696
1. Almighty God we have from You What we need to be blessed on earth But we have gone our way Lord We suffer for our sins O Lord Good blessings You have held from us Our disobedience is great  2 We find the promise in Your Word Of curses when we forsake You You shall withhold rain from us The land shall be dry hard as stone It shall not yield the food we need We shall all suffer from wrath     3 Lord we have gone astray from You The land is full of sin and blood We have forsaken You Lord We lack the rain the ground is parched The crops have failed the land is dry Lord we are suffering much here     4 What You have said has come to pass There is great drought and famine here We have been stiffnecked in sin You have visited in Your wrath The land is parched the crops wither And we all suffer the heat     5 The farms and gardens lack the rain They are so dry nothing grows there Famine we face with anguish Mountains are bare the plains are dry The cattle die we have no food For rain is lacking on earth     6 Come Lord and bless our lands and fields And multiply produce of farms For food for us and cattle That we may all be satisfied And give You thanks as we have peace For Your own glory bless Lord

HYMN 697
1. Lord You control the rains that fall You know how much we need here The clouds have poured much rain for us We now need Lord the sunshine Lord hear our prayer and end the rains Give us the sunshine that we need Bless us with joy of sunshine  2 The land is wet with much flooding We grieve and suffer greatly There is much water everywhere The crops are drowned in water Lord stop the rain and give sunshine Give dry land for the crops to grow Bless us with food we need here     1 Lord You control the rains that fall You know how much we need here The clouds have poured much rain for us We now need Lord the sunshine Lord hear our prayer and end the rains Give us the sunshine that we need Bless us with joy of sunshine     2 The land is wet with much flooding We grieve and suffer greatly There is much water everywhere The crops are drowned in water Lord stop the rain and give sunshine Give dry land for the crops to grow Bless us with food we need here     5 For all our sin we suffer much Your wrath is great we suffer You bless the land when we do right You bless with rain and sunshine But when we turn our backs to You We suffer from the curse You bring Forgive us Lord we pray You     6 Your truth is firm unchangeable Your glory great is so full What You have promised You fulfill Your covenant You keep Lord Fatherly love show us our God Your loving children we all are We give You thanks and praise You     7 We seek Your favor come to us Dear Father turn to bless us We need much sunshine now O Lord Bless us with sunshine for growth Forgive us Lord we pray to You Lord heal the land and bless us now Give us good crops to harvest

HYMN 698
1. Light of God eternal light Light perpetual shine upon us Shine for us this glorious day Take away the blindness from us With great brightness come to us Night is gone  2 Let the dew of mercy fall Gently fall upon my soul Lord Let the land that has been dry Receive rain from You O Father Come and comfort us we pray Always come     3 In Your great love come to us Take away all sin and evil Give us clean and contrite hearts Pure hearts give us as the heavens Make us thirst for holiness Life must seek     4 When the Morning dawns at last We shall see You and be with You Raise our bodies from the grave On that Day Lord grant us see You We shall all rejoice that Day Before You     5 Gracious Righteous Sun our Lord Shine upon us always lead us Take away all sorrow Lord Lead us Home eternal peace give We shall praise You always there Praise You Lord

HYMN 699
1. The sun is up brightly it shines It gives light to mankind The Word of God too shines for me It shines to make me pure  2 Father of Light shine in my life Shine brightly for me Lord Shine in my mind shine in my heart Come live in me dear Lord     3 When sun comes up and shines so bright It drives away the night When Lord You shine Your light in me It drives away my sin     4 You are my life my Savior Christ Help me to shine so bright Help me behold Thy glory Lord Glory be seen in me     5 As eagle soars high in the skies It sees all things so well My soul soar up to Christ the Lord And see His glory full     6 Where ever I may be on earth Whatever I shall do In all things Lord help me to seek To do as pleases You     7 Hide not Your face from me O Lord Keep me in Thy ways Lord And care for me always be near Lead to eternity

HYMN 7
1. Sing with the tongue and heart and [soul, Sing to our gracious Lord. Sing of His love and wondrous works, And testify of Him.  2 Lord, you are source of all my life, Eternal God, you are. From you, we have all things we need, Good things we need in life.     3 Lord, we are nothing in this life, Nothing we have on earth. All that we have come from you Lord, You made them all for us.     4 Who made the heav'ns and made the clouds?] So majestic we see. Who sends the rain we need for life? That waters earth for food?     5 Security is from the Lord, In Him we sleep in peace. The peace we all have in this land, Is from you Lord our God.     6 When in distress, you are so near, You gently guide us through. Your gracious light shines in our hearts, You flood our hearts, with peace.     7 To you O Lord, I yield my life, I trust my life to you. You'll take care of all needs I have, Gracious and loving God.

HYMN 70
1. What shall I do, my God to love, My loving God to praise! The length, and breadth, and height to prove And depth of sovereign grace?  2 Thy sovereign grace to all extend, Immense and unconfined; From age to age it never ends, It reaches all mankind.     3 Throughout the world its breadth is [known, Wide as infinity, So wide it never passed by one; Or it had passed by me.     4 My trespass was grown up to Heav'n; But far above the skies, In Christ abundantly forgiv'n, I see Thy mercies rise!     5 The depth of all-redeeming love, What angel-tongue can tell? O may I to the utmost prove The gift unspeakable!     6 Deeper than hell, it plucked me thence; Deeper than inbred sin: Jesus' love my heart shall cleanse, When Jesus enters in.     7 Assert Thy claim, receive Thy right, Come quickly from above, And sink me to perfection's height, The depth of humble love.

HYMN 700
1. All You that fear God come and praise Jehovah Joyfully sing His Name and glorify Him Come worship laud Him magnify Him always Praise God Almighty  2 From Him we have life and all breath and spirit He keeps us safely through the night of sleeping To morning brings us new life He gives each day Praise God Almighty     3 Hands feet and tongue and mouth the Lord provided He gave all things for us to show His glory We must bear much fruit and give thanks to Jesus Praise God Almighty     4 Good Shepherd Jesus source of Living Waters Blessings pour on us may we have Your goodness Morning till evening keep us Lord protect us Praise God Almighty     5 Lord lead and guide us in the way eternal Bless us with peace that passes understanding Abundant grace give for all works to praise You Praise God Almighty     6 Come sanctify Lord with Your Word purify Come Holy Spirit come to teach and strengthen Come give us courage comfort us when grieving Praise God Almighty

HYMN 701
1. Awake my soul and with the sun Thy daily stage of duty run Shake off dull sloth and joyful rise To pay thy morning sacrifice  2 Lord I my vows to Thee renew Disperse my sins as morning dew Guard my first springs of thought and will And with Thyself my spirit fill     3 Direct control suggest this day All I design or do or say That all my powers with all their might In Thy sole glory may unite     4 Let all Thy converse be sincere Thy conscience as the noon day clear For Gods allseeing eye surveys Thy secret thought Thy words and ways     5 Praise God from whom all blessings flow Praise Him all creatures here below Praise Him above ye heavenly host Praise Father Son and Holy Ghost

HYMN 702
1. In prayr your voices raise ye To God and Him now praise ye Who to our life from Heaven All needed strength hath given  2 The stream of years is flowing And we are onward going From old to new surviving And by His mercy thriving     3 In woe we often languish And pass through times of anguish When fearful war aboundeth That earth itself surroundeth     4 As faithful mother keepeth Guard while her infant sleepeth And all its grief assuageth When angry tempest rageth     5 So God His children shieldeth Them full protection yieldeth When need and woe distress them His loving arms caress them     6 In vain is all our doing The labour were pursuing In our hands prospers never Unless God watcheth ever

HYMN 703
1. God of earth and Heaven is Lord Father Son Holy Spirit In the darkness or at day time You shine brightly in our lives Universe that You have made All things are in Your hands Lord  2 With my whole heart I shall praise You Give You thanks for keeping safe You are refuge You protect me From all evil You protect Satan cannot harm me now He has no hold on my life     3 All my sin You carried away Like the night it passed away Draw me closer to Your bosom In my suffering seek refuge In You I have great mercy I have forgiveness of sin     4 As I rise from sleep this morning Help me wake from sleep of soul My soul wake and seek the Lord God Seek Him now before that Day When the judgment Day shall come I may have nothing to fear     5 Lord come help me as I travel Let Your Word Lord be my guide Be a refuge for Your servant Now and always be with me There is no safe refuge here Save in You alone our God     6 Send Your angel to be with me Protect me from evil beings Frustrate all the plans of Satan Bring to naught all evil plans Let Your angels come protect Bring us Home safely at last

HYMN 704
1. You are Light of Life for me Lord You have brought me to the morn I shall seek You Lord my Savior To You Lord I come for grace  2 Fresh life I have from You Jesus This I dedicate to You This day help me Lord to follow Walk in Thy ways please You Lord     3 Lord my refuge and my fortress Be with me and keep me safe If I stray Lord let me hear You Bring me back and caution me     4 You have eyes that see me always Let my eyes be fixed on You That I might not long for this world And be tempted Lord to stray     5 You I long for O my Jesus You are my life and my peace I desire none else but You Lord Make me Yours for You I thirst     6 Hold my hands and lead me Jesus Else I might slip and might fall Pull me with Your cords Lord of love Keep me with You to the end

HYMN 705
1. Fresh morning has dawned for us all We wake with joy and with gladness We give thanks to the Lord our God To God who keeps us safe through life  2 Our gracious Lord to You we pray Watch over us and protect us That we may yield not Lord to sin Deliver us when we do fall     3 Lord make us faithful servants here May we not seek treasures on earth Only You we do seek to please What You love Lord is what is good     4 Bless all our works Lord prosper us Bless what we say and all we do Let our lives please and glorify Grant all we do to praise You Lord

HYMN 706
1. I lift my eyes up in great hope I lift them to the hills From whence comes help for me I find no help from anywhere  2 My help comes from the Lord my God He is my only hope He made the earth and heavn Therefore I shall look to the Lord     3 He shall not let your foot be moved He sleeps not slumbers not He keeps awake for you You are so safe in God your Lord     4 Behold He who keeps Israel Will neither slumber sleep The Lord will slumber not The Lord will not sleep over you     5 Your keeper is the Lord your God He is your shade in life He is at your right hand The Lord shall keep you safe in Him     6 The sun shall not smite you by day It shall not hurt and burn Nor moon by night shall harm No evil shall befall Gods saints     7 Your goings out and coming in God knows your life and all He shall protect you now Forever and ever Amen

HYMN 707
1. Morning light is here with us I give thanks to You my God That I am alive today By Your grace I live O Lord  2 Help me Lord wherer I go Watch over me and my soul Protect me from all evil Lest I fall and forsake You     3 Bless me O my Lord and God I desire to praise You Lord May the fruit I bear in life Praise and glorify Thy Name     4 When my days are over here Grant me Lord to see Your face For I have a Home above Home in You Lord Jesus Christ

HYMN 708
1. Thou Holy God the God we know One God but triune God You are God Father Son and Holy Ghost Trinity God come help us all  2 My life and soul spirit and flesh Lord You do care and provide for From evil Lord You deliver Protect us Lord from sin and shame     3 Lord grant Your glory shine on us Let us behold the grace of Christ Shine Holy Spirits light in me Take all the darkness from my soul     4 To You I cry come Lord to help Stay by my side my Savior Lord My Comfort and my friend in life Be in my heart and purify     5 Come Lord to bless and stay with me Lift up Your face upon me Lord May glory from You shine on me Give me Your peace I pray O Lord

HYMN 709
1. Ill lift my heart and soul Lord Ill sing and praise You Lord The morn has come I give thanks For precious life You give I bow before Your Throne Praise honor worship glory I magnify You Lord God You Lord alone I praise  2 Your grace kept watch on me Lord You kept watch through the night You kept me from all troubles Tempest You kept from me Lord hear my cry I pray Forgive the sin committed Forgive the wrongs against You Remove Your wrath from me     1 Ill lift my heart and soul Lord Ill sing and praise You Lord The morn has come I give thanks For precious life You give I bow before Your Throne Praise honor worship glory I magnify You Lord God You Lord alone I praise     2 Your grace kept watch on me Lord You kept watch through the night You kept me from all troubles Tempest You kept from me Lord hear my cry I pray Forgive the sin committed Forgive the wrongs against You Remove Your wrath from me     5 I seek today Your grace Lord Come bless me Lord Your child And protect me from dangers From sin and wrong keep me When persecutions come With hatred envy and strife Be with me through all dangers Lord be with me in death     6 My soul and spirit commit The flesh and all I have Family friends I commit And all colleagues I bring All that I have in life All people that I know here I seek Your grace for them all Lord bless those I know not     7 Amen so let it be God Your promise is secure The Lord shall order my paths His will He shall fulfill I shall begin with joy The work committed this day The work God has set for me In this world I shall do

HYMN 71
1. Father, Whose everlasting love Thy only Son for sinners gave, Whose grace to all did freely move, And sent Him down the world to save;  2 Help us Thy mercy to extol, Immense, unfathomed, unconfined; To praise the Lamb who died for all, The general Savior of mankind.     3 Thy undistinguishing regard Was cast on Adam's fallen race; For all Thou hast in Christ prepared Sufficient, sovereign, saving grace.     4 The world He suffered to redeem; For all He hath atonement made; For those that will not come to Him The ransom of His life was paid.     5 Why then, Thou universal Love, Should any of Thy grace despair? To all, to all, Thy bowels move, But straitened in our own we are.     6 Arise, O God, maintain Thy cause! The fullness of the Gentiles call; Lift up the standard of Thy cross, And all shall own Thou diedst for all.

HYMN 710
1. O my God You are my God In the morning I do seek You For my soul thirsts for You Lord And my flesh faints for the Lord God In the dry and weary land Lord You I seek You are my refuge  2 Lord I look upon Thee now In Thy Sanctuary I seek You See Your glory and Your power And behold Your majesty Lord Steadfast love from You more precious With my lips Ill praise and thank You     3 I shall bless You always Lord I shall praise You in my whole life I shall lift my hands to You Lift my heart and call on You Lord My soul is feasted with marrow I shall praise You joyfully Lord     4 On You Lord I meditate My refuge and helper You are My soul clings to You O God Thy right hand upholds me always Those that seek to hurt destroy me Into depths of earth they shall go     5 Saints of God you shall rejoice In your God you shall have gladness We shall glorify the Lord Mouths of liars shall be stopped now God Almighty Father is God I shall praise Him and adore Him

HYMN 711
1. Jesus the Light of God The night is past is gone now The morning has appeared Your glory is all around My life and all in me Have woken Lord from sleep I lift my heart in praise And give You thanks O Lord  2 What offering shall I bring To give You thanks for blessings The offering I have brought The life and all You gave me My soul my spirit flesh I yield all to You Lord To You I give my life From You I have my life     1 Jesus the Light of God The night is past is gone now The morning has appeared Your glory is all around My life and all in me Have woken Lord from sleep I lift my heart in praise And give You thanks O Lord     2 What offering shall I bring To give You thanks for blessings The offering I have brought The life and all You gave me My soul my spirit flesh I yield all to You Lord To You I give my life From You I have my life     5 Take all that I have Lord Take all my life possessions Let me be Yours dear Lord Draw me with love to You now Grant me to be in You Lord dwell in me always Grant me Your fullness Lord I glorify You Lord     6 This body You have made Grant it to be Thy temple Come dwell within my heart Move me and I shall move Lord Pour love into my heart Rule my heart with Thy love Unite me with You Lord Make my life and Yours one     7 Bless Lord the work I do Bless all I think and utter Be with me Spirit Lord Come sanctify and bless me May all I do in life All that I think and say May all fruit that I bear Glorify You O Lord

HYMN 712
1. Lord who made the earth and heaven God Almighty you made all We bow down before You Father By your gracious love we come You have granted this harvest Yams and corn we harvested  2 Lord we are unworthy servants We are Your possession Lord Our farms have produced good harvest In our lives is there fruit too Lord when You seek fruit from us Little You will see in us     3 Gracious Father You show mercy You are merciful to us You bless all poor and all wretched And You bless the rich in life You O Lord are gracious God Receive thanks we bring to You     4 Grant that we may be good stewards Of the gifts we have from You Help us not to waste the blessings Be faithful servants for You Grant the fruit we show in life Reflect our true worship Lord     5 May Your Word that we hear always Penetrate our mind and soul May the fruit You seek from all Saints Ripen and so pleasant be Harvest good fruit from us all Life eternal we do have

HYMN 713
1. Hear us O Lord from heaven thy dwelling place Like them of old in vain we toil all night Unless with us thou go who art the Light Come then O Lord that we may see Thy face  2 Thou Lord dost rule the raging of the sea When loud the storm and furious is the gale Strong is thine arm our little barques are frail Send us Thy help remember Galilee     3 Our wives and children we commend to Thee For them we plough the land and plough the deep For them by day the golden corn we reap By night the silver harvest of the sea     4 We thank Thee Lord for sunshine dew and rain Broadcast from heaven by Thine Almighty Hand Source of all life unnumbered as the sand Bird beast and fish herb fruit and golden grain     5 O Bread of Life Thou in Thy Word hast said Who feeds in faith on me shall never die In mercy hear Thy hungry childrens cry Father give us this day our daily bread     6 Sow in our hearts the seeds of Thy dear love That we may reap contentment joy and peace And when at last our earthly labors cease Grant us to join Thy harvest home above

HYMN 714
1. The gifts of God that we all have here And all God does to keep us safe They show His love and all His mercies For these we give You thanks and praise For all Your love and mercy Lord We magnify and praise You Lord  2 The earth is large on which we dwell here Is like a big home for us all You are our Father in this big home You give us food that we all need And all we have by grace for life None can provide us all such gifts     3 Multitudes live here on this planet They are so numerous in all lands But God feeds all provides for all needs All this is from the love of God You are the source of food we have Loving and gracious Lord You are     4 We plough the fields and after sow seeds You Lord provide growth in the seed You give the rain and sunshine to plants They grow by grace from You O Lord The dew and air and all You give Make plants grow give the food we need     5 Some plants grow food for us in the soil And some bear much fruit on branches The seed first dies and looks like nothing It grows from water and the heat The soil provides the food it needs This soil we see produces food     6 You are so glorious and so great Lord Your works are all too wonderful Your knowledge is so vast and awesome Your wisdom is unsearchable Your gifts are vast You give them free We are unworthy of Your love     7 What we plant now and what we sow here And all that we shall harvest here Are blessed by You for all we need here All produce come from You O Lord All that we have and eat and drink All come from You our gracious Lord

HYMN 715
1. We plough the fields and scatter the good seed on the land But it is fed and watered by Gods almighty hand He sends the snow in winter the warmth to swell the grain The breezes and the sunshine and soft refreshing rain Refrain All good gifts around us Are sent from heavn above Then thank the Lord O thank the Lord For all His love  2 He only is the maker of all things near and far He paints the wayside flower He lights the evening star The winds and waves obey Him by Him the birds are fed Much more to us His children He gives our daily bread Refrain     3 We thank Thee then O Father for all things bright and good The seed time and the harvest our life our health and food No gifts have we to offer for all Thy love imparts But that which Thou desirest our humble thankful hearts Refrain

HYMN 716
1. Praise O praise our God and King Hymns of adoration sing For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful ever sure  2 Praise Him that He made the sun Day by day its course to run For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful ever sure     3 And the silver moon by night Shining with her gentle light For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful ever sure     4 Praise Him that He gave the rain To mature the swelling grain For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful ever sure     5 And hath bid the fruitful field Crops of precious increase yield For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful ever sure     6 Praise Him for our harvest store He hath filled the garner floor For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful ever sure     7 Glory to our bounteous King Glory let creation sing Glory to the Father Son And blest Spirit Three in One

HYMN 717
1. Come now my soul and praise the Lord O Lord my God You are so great Abundant grace You give us Look at the fields and all farms here Abundant fruit they all bear now Sufficient food they give us  2 The trees bear leaves for all to see The grass grow bearing flowers on earth So beautiful are all things All things are beautiful God made The splendid flowrs and all we see Solomons glory cant match     3 The little birds of air they sing Melodious songs they sing always They fly to and fro singing The wind and forest and plain lands They all reveal beauty of God They praise the Lord who made them     4 Behold all animals on earth The bees and goats and all cattle And birds that make their nests here Behold also all the wild beasts The fish and all we find in seas All feed on food they have here     5 The Lord gives rain to feed rivers Fish grow in them we have water The trees have water for growth Birds nest in trees they feed around The wild beasts feed and quench their thirst They have their food and water     6 Bees too God made they know their work They roam about for nectar drink Sweet honey they produce much The palm tree bears fruit for our food It gives us wine to gladden heart We thank the Lord for such gifts     7 Weve harvested much corn this year There is much joy in all hearts here All this is from the Lord God He is the One who feeds us all From Him we have rich blessings here All flow from His great mercies

HYMN 718
1. All that we have in life And all that we shall possess They are from God the Lord We should give thanks for all things Forests and farms and fields God gave them all to us The yam He makes to swell The grain He multiplies  2 When we begin to plough Lord give us strength to labor When we have sown the seed Give rain they need for growth here When harvest time has come And I have much grain here My heart rejoices much For God has blessed me much     1 All that we have in life And all that we shall possess They are from God the Lord We should give thanks for all things Forests and farms and fields God gave them all to us The yam He makes to swell The grain He multiplies     2 When we begin to plough Lord give us strength to labor When we have sown the seed Give rain they need for growth here When harvest time has come And I have much grain here My heart rejoices much For God has blessed me much     5 My Lord I come to You Give You all praise and worship Grant me to be a field In which You sow Living Word At Harvest time O Lord May fruit abundant see Much fruit should bear in me Bring glory to Your Name

HYMN 719
1. O Lord all that we have What we all have and all eat To You they all belong They all have come from You Lord We must not forget this We must not forget You Reveal Your glory now That we may all see You  2 We gather what You give Bless all that Youve provided All things reveal You Lord They show Your power and glory Bless Lord the food we eat Grant growth for our bodies Most needed more than this Growth in the fruit we bear     1 O Lord all that we have What we all have and all eat To You they all belong They all have come from You Lord We must not forget this We must not forget You Reveal Your glory now That we may all see You     2 We gather what You give Bless all that Youve provided All things reveal You Lord They show Your power and glory Bless Lord the food we eat Grant growth for our bodies Most needed more than this Growth in the fruit we bear     5 Our gracious Lord help us Appreciate You and thank You Most people that You bless Acknowledge not Your blessings Ungrateful make us not When we are fed and full May we not forget You And profane not Your Name     6 Make us content in all At table think of others Those that have much in life Share with the poor and needy Give us Your peace O Lord Bless this land with Your rest Grant us to be content Be satisfied with life     7 Lord bless the Church of Christ Bless all the Christian servants The Word that You sow here Bear fruit in lives of people We are Your farm and field The Harvest soon shall be Lord grant abundant fruit Harvest much fruit from us

HYMN 72
1. Praise to the Holiest in the height, And in the depth be praise; In all His words most wonderful, Most sure in all His ways.  2 O loving wisdom of our God! When all was sin and shame, A second Adam to the fight And to the rescue came.     3 O wisest love! that flesh and blood, Which did in Adam fail, Should strive afresh against the foe, Should strive and should prevail.     4 And that a higher gift than grace Should flesh and blood refine, God's Presence and His very Self, And Essence all divine.     5 O generous love! that He, who smote, In Man for man the foe, The double agony in Man For man should undergo.     6 And in the garden secretly, And on the Cross on high, Should teach His brethren, and inspire To suffer and to die.     1 Praise to the Holiest in the height, And in the depth be praise; In all His words most wonderful, Most sure in all His ways.

HYMN 720
1. Sun of my soul Thou Savior dear It is not night if thou be near O may no earthborn cloud arise To hide thee from Thine servants eyes  2 When the soft dews of kindly sleep My wearied eyelids gently sleep Be my last thought how sweet to rest Forever on my Saviors breast     3 Abide with me from morn till eve For without Thee I cannot live Abide with me when night is nigh For without Thee I dare not die     4 If some poor wandering child of Thine Has spurned today the voice divine Now Lord the gracious work begin Let him no more lie down in sin     5 Watch by the sick enrich the poor With blessings from Thy boundless store Be every mourners sleep tonight Like infants slumbers pure and right     6 Come near and bless us when we wake Ere through the world our way we take Till in the ocean of Thy love We lose ourselves in heaven above

HYMN 721
1. The sun has set the day ends And darkness comes upon us It is dark all around Ive lived today and know it I must retire to rest then Lord give me sound sleep for the night  2 I shall reflect Gods blessings All that I received from Him And all that Ive done here God helped me and provided The daily food I needed He safely led me through the day     3 The life I have is from Him From Him I have all these gifts The things He blessed me with The works of day He granted The sleep I need is from Him God loves us much provided all     4 My Lord I thank and praise You I lift Your Name high dear Lord I worship You my God Forgive all sin committed Lord I deserve no pity But You have nature to forgive     5 I have trespassed You this day But merciful be to me Deal gently with me Lord Forgive the sin committed Protect me as I sleep now My life I commit to Your hands

HYMN 722
1. It is now dark the sun has set already Silent all creatures are they take a rest What do you seek my soul it is now evening Only in God you shall have perfect rest All travelers and workers seek a rest now The birds of air they all have entered nests The fowls are back they seek the coop to rest in All that remains is to be with You Lord  2 Lord You have been with us today as Father You have protected us and blessed us all I deserve not such blessings from You Father With all my heart I give You thanks for them The greed of men and all injustice witnessed We grieve You Lord with all our sins on earth In this we sin forgive us Lord we pray You Give grace to love You and love all neighbors     1 It is now dark the sun has set already Silent all creatures are they take a rest What do you seek my soul it is now evening Only in God you shall have perfect rest All travelers and workers seek a rest now The birds of air they all have entered nests The fowls are back they seek the coop to rest in All that remains is to be with You Lord     2 Lord You have been with us today as Father You have protected us and blessed us all I deserve not such blessings from You Father With all my heart I give You thanks for them The greed of men and all injustice witnessed We grieve You Lord with all our sins on earth In this we sin forgive us Lord we pray You Give grace to love You and love all neighbors     5 What I must do in flesh I have accomplished What remains now is work in heart and soul My soul now thirsts and longs for You my Father I shall sleep well when I know You are here What gives me rest is love for God my Father In worship and in praise of God the Lord When I give thanks and praise the Lord my maker I have great rest and sleep in peace in God     6 give to You my heart as offering this night My mind and soul and all I have I give What You prevent shall not befall Your servant What You allow so let it be O Lord In darkness You are light for me dear Jesus In storms of life You are beside me Lord Almighty God be with me in all trouble Be with me to the end of life on earth

HYMN 723
1. The radiant morn hath passed away And spent too soon her golden store The shadows of departing day Creep on once more  2 Our life is but an autumn sun Its glorious noon how quickly past Lead us O Christ our life work done Safe home at last     3 O by Thy soul inspiring grace Uplift our hearts to realms on high Help us to look to that bright place Beyond the sky     4 Where light and life and joy and peace In undivided empire reign And thronging angels never cease Their deathless strain     5 Where saints are clothed in spotless white And evening shadows never fall Where Thou eternal Light of light Art Lord of all

HYMN 724
1. At even ere the sun was set The sick O Lord around Thee lay O in what divers pains they met O with what joy they went away  2 Once more tis eventide and we Oppressed with various ills draw near What if Thy form we cannot see We know and feel that Thou art near     3 O Savior Christ our woes dispel For some are sick and some are sad And some have never loved Thee well And some have lost the love they had     4 And some are pressed with worldly care And some are tried with sinful doubt And some such grievous passions tear That only Thou canst cast them out     5 And some have found the world is vain Yet from the world they break not free And some have friends who give them pain Yet have not sought a friend in Thee     6 And none O Lord have perfect rest For none are wholly free from sin And they who fain would serve Thee best Are conscious most of wrong within     7 Thy touch has still its ancient power No word from Thee can fruitless fall Hear in this solemn evening hour And in Thy mercy heal us all

HYMN 725
1. My Lord gracious and Savior Christ The time has come for me to sleep In sleep I know not what goes on But You keep watch and protect me  2 The sin Ive committed this day Forgive me Lord I humbly pray Dear Jesus Christ the Blood You shed That Blood has cleansed my heart of sin     3 I sleep in peace in Jesus Christ Hide me O Lord under Your wings Grant angels guard protect us all Deliver us from evil men     4 Dear Father be with us we pray Lord Jesus keep us in Your grace Holy Spirit come cleanse our hearts And should we die grant rest in Christ

HYMN 726
1. The day Thou gavest Lord is ended The darkness falls at Thy behest To Thee our morning hymns ascended Thy praise shall sanctify our rest  2 We thank Thee that Thy church unsleeping While earth rolls onward into light Through all the world her watch is keeping And rests not now by day or night     3 As oer each continent and island The dawn leads on another day The voice of prayer is never silent Nor dies the strain of praise away     4 The sun that bids us rest is waking Our brethren neath the western sky And hour by hour fresh lips are making Thy wondrous doings heard on high     5 So be it Lord Thy throne shall never Like earths proud empires pass away Thy Kingdom stands and grows forever Till all Thy creatures own Thy sway

HYMN 727
1. The night has fallen be with me Lord Jesus God gracious Spirit drive away all evil Keep this heart pure Lord Christs Righteousness give me Shine Your light in me  2 My gracious Father be with me protect me Be with me through this night with unknown dangers O Lord I give thanks For Your gracious mercies Lord You have fed me     3 Lord I confess now that my heart is so cold I fail to love and give to poor and needy I fail to please You Many times fall from You Lord my life You see     4 My conscience pricks me for the wicked things done The lustful things I crave have set me from You These cause me pain Lord I desire to leave them Draw me back O Lord     5 Come bless me Jesus give me peace I need now Be with me Lord and keep me through the darkness Keep us O Jesus Save us from all evil Wake us from slumber     6 Sleepy I feel now I must now retire Lord Lord grant me good rest sound sleep I need from You In the darkness Lord I need You O Jesus Be with me in sleep

HYMN 728
1. Abide with me fast falls the eventide The darkness deepens Lord with me abide When other helpers fail and comforts flee Help of the helpless O abide with me  2 Swift to its close ebbs out lifes little day Earths joys grow dim its glories pass away Change and decay in all around I see O Thou who changest not abide with me     3 I need Thy presence every passing hour What but Thy grace can foil the tempers power Who like Thyself my guide and stay can be Through cloud and sunshine O abide with me     4 I fear no foe with Thee at hand to bless Ills have no weight and tears no bitterness Where is deaths sting Where grave thy victory I triumph still if Thou abide with me     5 Hold Thou Thy cross before my closing eyes Shine through the gloom and point me to the skies Heavens morning breaks and earths vain shadows flee In life in death O Lord abide with me

HYMN 729
1. Now the day is over Night is drawing nigh Shadows of the evening Steal across the sky  2 Now the darkness gathers Stars begin to peep Birds and beasts and flowers Soon will be asleep     3 Jesus give the weary Calm and sweet repose With Thy tenderest blessing May mine eyelids close     4 Grant to little children Visions bright of Thee Guard the sailors tossing On the deep blue sea     5 Comfort those who suffer Watching late in pain Those who plan some evil From their sin restrain     6 Through the long night watches May Thine angels spread Their white wings above me Watching round my bed     7 Glory to the Father Glory to the Son And to Thee blest Spirit Whilst all ages run

HYMN 73
1. Not what my hands have done Can save my guilty soul; Not what my toiling flesh has borne Can make my spirit whole.  2 Not what I feel or do Can give me peace with God; Not all my prayers and sighs and tears Can bear my awful load.     3 Thy work alone, O Christ, Can ease this weight of sin; Thy blood alone, O Lamb of God, Can give me peace within.     4 Thy love to me, O God, Not mine, O Lord to thee, Can rid me of this dark unrest And set my spirit free.     5 Thy grace alone, O God, To me can pardon speak; Thy pow'r alone, O Son of God, Can this sore bondage break.     6 I bless the Christ of God; I rest on love divine; And with unfalt'ring lip and heart I call this Saviour mine.

HYMN 730
1. The day is past and over All thanks O Lord to Thee We pray Thee that offenseless The hours of dark may be O Jesus keep us in Thy sight And guard us through the coming night  2 The joys of day are over We lift our hearts to Thee And call on Thee that sinless The hours of dark may be O Jesus make their darkness light And guard us through the coming night     3 Lord that in death I sleep not And lest my foe should say I have prevailed against him Lighten mine eyes I pray O Jesus keep me in Thy sight And guard me through the coming night     4 The toils of day are over We raise our hymn to Thee And ask that free from peril The hours of dark may be O Jesus keep us in Thy sight And guard us through the coming night     5 Be Thou our souls Preserver O God for Thou dost know How many are the perils Through which we have to go Lord Jesus Christ O hear our call And guard and save us from them all

HYMN 731
1. It is night all must sleep now All animals are quiet All nature is at rest But before I repair now I must reflect and ponder The blessings I have had from God  2 Where is the sun of day time It is set in the west world Now we are in darkness I have another Light now It is the Light of Jesus This Light shines in my heart always     3 I see the stars that dazzle They shine so bright in darkness Great marvel this all is From this I now remember What I have read in Gods Word We shall shine as the stars in heavn     4 The work of day has ended My hands and feet need rest now The body needs a rest Sleep shall refresh the body One day the soul shall have rest And shall have rest with God in Heavn     5 I now have become drowsy The eyes have become heavy They shall soon close in sleep The body and the spirit I commit all to You Lord I know You keep watch over me     6 My family and friends here Colleagues and all I know here Lord look upon them all Put all to sleep in comfort He has already cleansed you And He shall bring you to the morn

HYMN 732
1. All praise to Thee my God this night For all the blessings of the light Keep me O keep me King of kings Beneath Thine own Almighty wings  2 Forgive me Lord for Thy dear Son The ill that I this day have done That with the world myself and Thee I ere I sleep at peace may be     3 Teach me to live that I may dread The grave as little as my bed Teach me to die that so I may Rise glorious at the judgment day     4 O may my soul on Thee repose And with sweet sleep mine eyelids close Sleep that may me more vigorous make To serve my God when I awake     5 When in the night I sleepless lie My soul with heavenly thoughts supply Let no ill dreams disturb my rest No powers of darkness me molest     6 O when shall I in endless day Forever chase dark sleep away And hymns divine with angels sing All praise to Thee eternal King     7 Praise God from Whom all blessings flow Praise Him all creatures here below Praise Him above ye heavenly host Praise Father Son and Holy Ghost

HYMN 733
1. Now it is dark the night has come The sun has set at last None can resist the setting sun The sun has set on us  2 You only Lord You neither sleep Nor do You slumber Lord There is no darkness in You Lord You are the Righteous Sun     3 O Lord my God remember me In the deep darkness shine Lord be my Rock and Shield this night In Thy grace be with me     4 Lord send angels to be with us To guard us and protect The evil one seeks to destroy Our guarding angel watch     5 Sin I have committed I know This is before me now But Jesus You have died for me My sin You washed away     6 I shall close my eyes in sleep now And fall asleep in bed The Lord is close and watches me Then I shall sleep in peace     7 For You I live for You I die You are my Lord and God In life and death You are refuge Great peace I have in this

HYMN 734
1. The duteous day now closeth Each flower and tree reposeth Shade creeps oer wild and wood Let us as night is falling On God our Maker calling Give thanks to Him the Giver good  2 Now all the heavnly splendor Breaks forth in starlight tender From myriad worlds unknown And man the marvel seeing Forgets his selfish being For joy of beauty not his own     3 His care he drowneth yonder Lost in abyss of wonder To Heavn his soul doth steal This life he disesteemeth The day it is that dreameth That doth from truth his vision seal     4 Awhile his mortal blindness May miss Gods loving kindness And grope in faithless strife But when lifes day is over Shall deaths fair night discover The fields of everlasting life     5 The flesh now weak and tired Seeks to lay itself aside It must end here in death Soon I must put off this flesh For Christ shall give me life fresh Hell clothe me with His righteousness     6 My brother and my sister Be strong you must not falter Nothing can harm Gods own The Lord shall give His armor For you are in His army He shall protect and cover you

HYMN 735
1. When darkness falls around us My Lord is with me still He watches His own loved ones The fear of darkness flees  2 When sight is dim and fails us The Lord God sees all things The darkness and light are one The Lord is Light always     3 When I am ready to sleep To Him I give my life I commit all around me For He keeps watch always

HYMN 736
1. Christ You are Sun of Righteousness There is no darkness where You are You shine so brightly from the Throne You shine with Light that shines from God  2 O gracious Jesus keep us all Protect us from the enemy Grant us a peaceful rest this night Lord keep us safe throughout the night     3 When eyelids fall we close our eyes Lord keep our hearts safe and living Thy strong arms keep us safe this night And protect us from all evil     4 We plead with You Lord keep us safe Keep Satan far from all of us He seeks the soul to steal and kill Prevent him Lord his works destroy     5 Lord Jesus to You we belong With holy Blood You saved us all This is the gracious Masters will Take us we are Yours Jesus Christ     6 Lord send Your angels to us now Grant them to stay with all the Saints They are Your holy guards for us They shall resist the evil one     7 We now sleep in Your Name O Lord The holy angels are with us We give You thanks our triune God And praise and worship You O Lord

HYMN 737
1. Spirit of man now consider Ponder over life this day See how much the Lord has loved you See how much Hes done for you That today God has blessed you He has kept and guided you Dangers and all evil round you God delivered you from them all  2 Praise and thanks are due our Savior Worship God our gracious Lord Plentiful His blessings for you He has guided all your steps Troubles and temptations here Evil traps and poisoned life Lord You cast away the devil Youve protected us all from evil     1 Spirit of man now consider Ponder over life this day See how much the Lord has loved you See how much Hes done for you That today God has blessed you He has kept and guided you Dangers and all evil round you God delivered you from them all     2 Praise and thanks are due our Savior Worship God our gracious Lord Plentiful His blessings for you He has guided all your steps Troubles and temptations here Evil traps and poisoned life Lord You cast away the devil Youve protected us all from evil     5 Knowledge of man cannot fathom Wonderful acts of You Lord Man may plan evil against us But Your will prevails in life Great and wonderful Your works Good things You Lord freely give Gracious help I have from You Lord Youve protected me as a child     6 The day is past and is over Now the darkness time has come Sun has set and hidden from us Light from sun is gone away Father be with us this night Let Your light shine in our soul Gladden our hearts with Your love Lord Fill our hearts with love from You Lord     7 Give me sweet sleep through this night Lord Give my soul and body rest Save us from dangers of darkness Save us from all tempests here Keep the body and the soul Be with all Saints on this earth Lord be with us all in this world Lord keep us all under Your wings

HYMN 738
1. Days You have allotted for me Today one of them is gone Help me to review this day Lord Evaluate my life this day Each day draws us to the end Closer time of death draws near As I end each days work on earth May that work be what You planned Lord  2 In truth You have gathered much here Yet You are not satisfied Burden of sin is distressing Sin affects the way we live Our iniquities are great In our hearts and thoughts we err Corrupt ways we take in this life Our sin so great we cant recount     1 Days You have allotted for me Today one of them is gone Help me to review this day Lord Evaluate my life this day Each day draws us to the end Closer time of death draws near As I end each days work on earth May that work be what You planned Lord     2 In truth You have gathered much here Yet You are not satisfied Burden of sin is distressing Sin affects the way we live Our iniquities are great In our hearts and thoughts we err Corrupt ways we take in this life Our sin so great we cant recount     5 Gracious Lord You are my Father Pity have on me O Lord Though my sins are great and odious Lord in mercy do forgive Lord renew my life I pray Give me grace to live for You When You grant me a new day here Help me spend that day as You wish     6 Cleanse my heart and mind dear Father That I may sleep well this night Give me all I need to please You Let Your angels be with me As we all retire to bed Lord keep watch over Your own That we may all wake with new life Seek eternal things always here     7 Wicked men plan to do evil In the night they set to work Lord protect us from such people Be with us destroy their schemes Let their plots be all in vain When the devil frightens us When the storm is strong and fearful Lord protect save us from that storm     8 When the morning dawns upon us Grant us all to wake from sleep We shall start the new day in You We shall praise and thank You Lord Should this night be last for me If Youll call me Home this night To You Lord I commit this life Bring me safely Home to Heavn

HYMN 739
1. The year is past and over Now we welcome a new year What has been my life and thoughts What about speech and manner Am I satisfied with these Do I fear the judgment Day  2 In truth I have lived in vain I have angered the Lord God His Word I did not obey But He loved me as His child Days and months and years Im blessed But I continue in sin     3 When I view my life on earth And behold my sinful acts These should cause me grief and shame Tremble with fear in Gods sight Gods love and His grace so vast Therefore I shall now rejoice     4 For our sake God did send Christ He was circumcised as man As was done from Abrams time As a sign of righteousness Christ is Savior of the world He has come to save from sin     5 God the Father has promised Salvation He planned for us In Christ Jesus God saved us He redeemed us from our sin Sin God shall remember not Past life is gone new has come     6 In the Name of Jesus Christ I have peace and joy in life Fear of death is gone in Him In His Name Satan cant harm I am secure in Jesus I have life in Jesus Christ     7 In Your Name I travel on Travel through this year of life Whether living or in death Let Your Name be glorified Lord when I appear in Heavn Your name may I praise ever

HYMN 74
1. In the fall of Adam in sin, All mankind was corrupted. All mankind became so sinful, No cure could be found for sin. Only God, from sin could save us, From the wages of sin save. And the curse on earth for sinning, Wrath of God had been on us.  2 Eve became deceived by Satan, She fell in the evil trap. She forsook, the Lord her maker, And she passed sin on to all. And all died for sin committed, But God sent His only Son, He became man, our sin He bore, By His death, He saved us all.     3 Sinful nature, Adam had then, We all shared Adam's nature. By the work of Savior Jesus, We have all been blessed with life. As we all died in Adam's sin, Death eternal we all faced. But through Christ, God's only Son's death, Children of God we are now.     4 While yet sinners and without hope, God gave Christ as gift to us. On the Cross, Christ died for sinners, He arose from death to life. He ascended up to Heaven, And He sat on God's Right Hand. If we have faith in Christ Jesus, We shall be with Him in Heav'n.     5 Jesus is the Way to Heaven, He is life and truth and grace. God's Word Jesus spoke and taught us, He Himself is that Word too. He atoned for sin for all men, He reconciled us to God. All that, come to Him believing, Life eternal He gives them.     6 Those with faith in Christ as Savior, And do trust in Jesus Christ. They shall not have any worries, For their Rock is Jesus Christ. In this world they'll suffer evil, But they'll not suffer the hell. They shall be with Christ in Heaven, God Himself shall be with them.

HYMN 740
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 741
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 742
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 743
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 744
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 745
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 746
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 747
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 748
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 749
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 750
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 751
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 752
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 753
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 754
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 755
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 756
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 757
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 758
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 759
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 76
1. Love Divine, O love so Holy, Love that came from heaven to earth; In great love, you came as servant, For our sin, you died for us.  2 With great glory, you descended, From your Throne in heav'n, you [came. Teach us Lord to show your glory, Give us grace to bear much fruit.     3 Come you people, come all nations, Come together, sing God's praise. Soon we shall all be in Heaven, Here we'll praise Him evermore.

HYMN 760
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 761
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 762
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 763
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 764
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 765
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 766
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 767
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 768
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 769
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 77
1. Lord our God, Lord our God, Look upon us wretched ones. We are helpless, bound in sin Lord, We are filled with lust of flesh, We are weak and have no strength, [Lord, Merciful Lord be to us your own, Lord our God, Lord our God, Look upon us wretched ones.  2 Gracious God, gracious God, You are God of love we know. To you Lord we give all praises, You didst come to save us all. Jesus Christ your Son you gave us, In Him we all have salvation now. Gracious God, gracious God, You are God of love we know.     1 Lord our God, Lord our God, Look upon us wretched ones. We are helpless, bound in sin Lord, We are filled with lust of flesh, We are weak and have no strength, [Lord, Merciful Lord be to us your own, Lord our God, Lord our God, Look upon us wretched ones.     2 Gracious God, gracious God, You are God of love we know. To you Lord we give all praises, You didst come to save us all. Jesus Christ your Son you gave us, In Him we all have salvation now. Gracious God, gracious God, You are God of love we know.

HYMN 770
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 771
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 772
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 773
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 774
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 775
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 776
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 777
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 778
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 779
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 78
1. Day shall come, day shall come, God shall burn this earth with fire. As of old the waters covered, All the earth, destroyed all life, So the day shall come upon us, This earth shall be up in smoke that day. Day shall come, day shall come, God shall burn this earth with fire.  2 My Lord God, my Lord God, Grant me Lord a Saint to be. That when you shall burn this planet, I shall hide in you my God, Save me as the Ark of Noah Save me from destruction of the earth. My Lord God, my Lord God; Grant me Lord a Saint to be.

HYMN 780
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 781
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 782
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 783
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 784
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 785
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 786
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 787
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 788
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 789
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 79
1. Zion's daughter, O be glad, And rejoice, Jerusalem! Lo! Thy King doth come to thee; Lo! He comes, the Prince of Peace! Zion's daughter, O be glad, And rejoice, Jerusalem  2 Glad Hosanna!, David's Son, Of Thy nation blest art Thou. Thy eternal Kingdom found; Glad Hosanna! Lord on high! Glad Hosanna!, David's Son, Of Thy nation blest art Thou.     3 Glad Hosanna, Prince of Peace, Greetings to Thee, Sov'reign mild. Ever stands Thy Throne of peace, Thou the heav'nly Father's Child! Glad Hosanna, Prince of Peace, Greetings to Thee, Sov'reign mild.

HYMN 790
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 791
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 792
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 793
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 794
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 795
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 796
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 797
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 798
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 799
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 8
1. Sing joyful songs, O, sing unto God. The Lord Jehovah, The Lord who created and saved all [mankind!  2 The heavn'ly choir, Of angels of God; Sing to Jehovah, Sing to Christ Son of God who saved [all mankind.     3 God you are kind, Yes, God you are kind; You loved us such that, You gave up your only Son to save [the world.     4 Give thanks to God, Oh give Him all thanks. For He has blessed us, With Jesus the Savior who is Christ the Lord.]     5 Praise ye the Lord, O, praise Christ the King; For He has saved us, He paid wages, due for sin for all mankind.]     6 Sing joyful songs, Let all join to sing; To Praise the Father, Praise Father, Son, Holy Spirit evermore]

HYMN 80
1. Lift up your heads, ye mighty gates, Behold the King of glory waits; The King of kings is drawing near, The Savior of the world is here; Life and salvation doth He bring, Wherefore rejoice and gladly sing: We praise Thee, Father, now! Creator, wise art Thou!  2 The Lord is just, a Helper tried, Mercy is ever at His side, His kingly crown is holiness, His scepter, pity in distress, The end of all our woe He brings; Wherefore the earth is glad and sings: We praise Thee, Savior, now, Mighty in deed art Thou!     3 Oh blest the land, the city blest, Where Christ the Ruler is confessed! Oh happy hearts and happy homes To whom this King in triumph comes! The cloudless Sun of joy He is, Who bringeth pure delight and bliss: O Comforter divine, What boundless grace is Thine!     4 Fling wide the portals of your heart, Make it a temple set apart From earthly use for Heaven's employ, Adorned with prayer and love and joy; So shall your Sovereign enter in, And new and nobler life begin: To Thee, O God, be praise, For word and deed and grace!     5 Redeemer, come! I open wide My heart to Thee here, Lord, abide! Let me Thy inner presence feel, Thy grace and love in me reveal, Thy Holy Spirit guide us on Until our glorious goal is won! Eternal praise and fame, We, offer to Thy Name.

HYMN 800
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 801
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 802
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 803
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 804
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 805
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 806
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 807
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 808
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 809
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 81
1. Come all you people come now, Prepare your hearts for God. Trespassers, God will forgive, Wonderful Savior comes. The glory of the Lord, The Light that God did promise, Has come and now dwells with us, We, welcome Jesus Christ.  2 Righteous paths come and seek now, Prepare to welcome Him. Make straight the crooked paths then, Forsake the life of wrong. For He who comes from High, Immanuel God hates sin. Has come to save us sinners, Prepare your heart for Him.     3 The broken, contrite heart seek, The Lord shall enter here. Prideful, boastful life God hates, Disgrace shall come to such. In hearts with no deceit, The heart that seeks the Lord's truth, A heart prepared for Jesus, He'll come and enter there.     4 Prepare me dear Lord Jesus, By grace, prepare me, Lord. By this I shall be ready, Be ready for you Lord. My heart is â€˜manger' now, Come and be born in this heart, Then I shall praise you always, And worship you my Lord.

HYMN 810
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 811
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 812
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 813
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 814
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 815
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 816
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 817
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 818
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 819
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 82
1. Arise, sons of the Kingdom! The King is drawing nigh; Arise, and hail with gladness The Ruler from on high. Ye Christians, hasten forth! Your praise and homage bring Him And glad hosannas sing Him, Naught else your love is worth.  2 Arise, ye drooping mourners! The King is very near; Away with grief and sorrow, For lo! your Help is here. People behold Him here, We find Him, our Salvation, O blessed consolation! In His pure means of grace.     3 Arise, ye much afflicted! The King is now not far; Rejoice, ye long dejected! Here comes the Morning Star. The Lord will give you joy; Though troubles now distress you, With comfort He will bless you, E'en death He will destroy.     4 Now hear, ye bold transgressors, The King does well give heed To all that ye are doing, And to the life ye lead, Enthralled to sin and hell; Nothing in all creation Escapes His observation He maketh all things well

HYMN 820
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 821
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 822
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 823
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 824
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 825
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 826
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 827
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 828
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 829
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 83
1. Christ is coming! Let creation From her groans and travail cease; Let the glorious proclamation Hope restore and faith increase; Christ is coming! Christ is coming! Come, Thou blessèd Prince of Peace.  2 Earth can now but tell the story Of Thy bitter cross and pain; She shall yet behold Thy glory, When Thou comest back to reign; Christ is coming! Christ is coming! Let each heart repeat the strain.     3 Though once cradled in a manger, Oft no pillow but the sod; Here an alien and a stranger, Mocked of men, disowned of God. Christ is coming! Christ is coming! Come, Thou blessÃ¨d Prince of Peace!     4 Long Thine exiles have been pining, Far from rest, and home, and Thee; But, in heav'nly vestures shining, They their loving Lord shall see; Christ is coming! Christ is coming! Haste the joyous jubilee.     5 With that blessÃ¨d hope before us, Let no harp remain unstrung; Let the mighty Advent chorus Onward roll from tongue to tongue: â€œChrist is coming! Christ is coming! Come, Lord Jesus, quickly come!â€

HYMN 830
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 831
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 832
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 833
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 834
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 835
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 836
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 837
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 838
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 839
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 84
1. We expect no other Savior, There is none but Jesus Christ. My soul put not trust in others, There is only One Savior. Do you know the Lord Jesus? One that died sinners to save; Christ the Savior, we all expect, He delivered us from evil.  2 All the blind now see in Jesus, Lepers too are clean in Him. The lame walk promptly at His Word, Why must I doubt Jesus Christ? He raised the dead back to life. They received life from the Lord. Do you know one who is like Him? There is no one else like Jesus.     3 In this Advent all must come now, Come in droves to Jesus Christ. Come to seek grace from Christ the Lord, Grace in Him for all sinners. What men find so hard to grasp, That God should become like us. In such meekness He comes to us, In His sufferings we are all saved.     4 I was once blind like those that hate, I was full of pride in sin. Help my unbelief grant me faith, In your merit I must trust. All your suffering, pain and shame, In our pride, we fail to see. We reject the way of suffering, We see Christ's â€˜Cross' as foolishness.     5 I have great joy in Christ Jesus, In Him I am satisfied. You have saved my soul from death, [Lord, You have set me free from sin. Lord I long to see your face, Be with you, remain in you. In your Kingdom in the heavens, Let me be so close to you, Lord.

HYMN 840
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 841
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 842
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 843
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 844
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 845
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 846
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 847
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 848
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 849
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 85
1. See your King is coming now, Soul, rejoice in Christ, your Savior. Bid the King to come to you, Open wide your heart for Jesus, Come my Jesus, enter in, This heart is reserved for you.  2 Come, dear Lord, you are my God, From my baptism you are mine. Come with Gospel news for me, Come with grace and blessings for me. For the Word we welcome now, You are that Word, Jesus Christ.     3 Come, Lord, cleanse my soul from sin, Make my heart so pure for you, Lord. Come prepare this â€˜house', Jesus, Lord, remove all, blemish in me. What sin has destroyed in me, Make all holy by your Blood.     4 Grant the Holy Spirit come, Spirit, Comforter we need you. Spirit that will glorify, Intercessor Spirit, come now. I shall now and always shout, Come quickly, Christ Jesus come.

HYMN 850
1. To Jesus we all come now With hymns and prayer approach Him He keeps us safe protects us To this day He has blessed us  2 We travel on in this life From year to year we journey May we all flourish in Christ From year to year we bear fruit     3 You are the same O Father The everlasting Father Abundant grace You give us To serve You Lord and please You     4 Except You come with us Lord Our Lord and God enabler Protector and defender Way providential well miss     5 We have the Lord Christ Jesus We have His Gospel message In Him we have all we need For body spirit and soul     6 Lord pour Your blessings on us Bless Lord Your Church and all Saints Bless old and young and children Come bless us all on this earth

HYMN 86
1. Why Lord you stand outside waiting, Blessed, dear Lord Jesus Christ? The door of my heart is open, Open wide, enter with joy. When you are with me dear Lord, I have joy surpassing all. Enter Lord my heart, dear Jesus, Cleanse it make fit, for your abode.  2 Lord you are all joy and pleasure, True joy Lord, resides in you. In green pastures you will lead us, Where you'll feed your sheep complete. Give me light, you Holy Light, Light to brighten all my days. Take my heart Jesus, my dear Lord, Grant me to be near you always.     3 My soul, come with joy and praises, Jesus has heard all your prayer. Now He comes to stay in this heart, Be prepared to welcome Him. Come, embrace the Lord your God, Let Him be your guest and Lord, Open for the Lord your spirit, Show Him all that you have in heart.     4 With Him, you will lack no good thing, All things shall work for your good. Your life is secure in Jesus, Nothing fear, if God is near. Soul, be faithful to the Lord, Soon shall come for you that Day, When above, you'll join the angels, Join to praise the Lord and worship.

HYMN 87
1. O come, O come, Immanuel, And ransom captive Israel, That mourns in lonely exile here Until the Son of God appear. Refrain: Rejoice! Rejoice! Immanuel, shall come to thee, O Israel.  2 O come, Thou Wisdom from on high, Who orderest all things mightily; To us the path of knowledge show, And teach us in her ways to go. Refrain     3 O come, Thou Rod of Jesse, free Thine own from Satan's tyranny; From depths of hell Thy people save, And give them victory o'er the grave. Refrain     4 O come, Thou Day-spring, come and cheer Our spirits by Thine Advent here; Disperse the gloomy clouds of night, And death's dark shadows put to flight. Refrain     5 O come, Thou Key of David, come, And open wide our heavenly home; Make safe the way that leads on high, And close the path to misery. Refrain

HYMN 88
1. Lord of the earth and heav'n, We come before you with praises. Salvation comes from you, You came to save us, not angels. Lord you did come, For all sinners on this earth, Gracious Lord, you are, so loving.  2 We have great hope in Christ, Who is our life and salvation. He came to save the poor, Therefore all sinners come draw near. His glory shines, Hope of glory we now have, Now we belong to Christ Jesus.     3 The Lord of Hosts came down, He left His glory in heaven. This Holy God came down, Dwelt here with sinners, He loves much. All who approached, He received and He welcomed All who cried to Him, He heard them.     4 Come to us Lord of Life, The Hope of years, you are here now. Save Lord your people now, Save us from sin and from evil. Cast out our sin, Lord, drive away the great foe. Come Mighty King to deliver.     5 Sow seed of faith in us, Deepen this faith in you Jesus. May this faith grow so strong, And bear much fruit for your glory. In every work, Give us faith to overcome, Help us to trust you Lord Jesus.     6 Hosanna, come to rescue us, [Lord Jesus we welcome. Come Savior Lord to teach your [Word, and share the Gospel news. When we complete, All our journey on this earth, Bring us Home with you in Heaven.

HYMN 89
1. What good news we have heard now, That God became flesh for us, Mysterious work to save. What grace abundant for us, With blessings of peace for us, We find this in our Lord Jesus.  2 Your greatness and your power, Your wondrous works, Lord Jesus, Your Word so sweet we have. Your death that brings us all life, Much, blessings we have in you; You are my Rock and Fortress, Lord.     3 The gifts from you are so much, We lift you high and praise you, Before your Throne we sing. The Seraphim and angels, All praise you always, Jesus, All praise you Son of God and Man.     4 You rose from death Lord Jesus, For death cannot hold you, Lord, Death you have conquered now. You have ascended Jesus, With train of men and women; You have destroyed the evil one.     5 The Word of God, such sweet Word, None but Christ has kept this Word, Glory of God revealed. Who shall not love King Jesus, Who shall not praise and fear Him, Who shall not seek His glory see?     6 Those you have saved, come bringing, Praise to you now Lord Jesus, They laud and honor you. In your great Name they come now, From all nations they draw near, Their Master, Lord Jesus to praise.

HYMN 9
1. Let all the world in every corner sing, My God and King, The heavens are not too high, His praise may thither fly, The earth is not too low, His praises there may grow, Let all the world, in every corner sing, â€˜My God and King'  2 Let all the world in every corner sing, My God and King! The Church with psalms must shout, No door can keep them out; But, above all, the heart, Must bear the longest part. Let all the world in every corner sing My God and King!

HYMN 90
1. Messiah now has come, The One foretold by Prophets. He is already here, We'll not expect another. What prophets sought to see, And great kings waited for, We now have in our midst, Our Lord is now with us.  2 A Son is given us, He is the Light of nations. He comes to save the world, The time appointed is nigh. Come praise the Lord our God, Give glory to His Name, Come worship Christ our Lord, Immanuel, with us!     3 Our God is with us now, The Son of God we see now. The Father's glory shines, Through Him who is our Savior. We are now comforted, All sinners now rejoice, Come worship Christ the Lord, Worship the King of kings.     4 Our God abides with us, The poor rejoice in Jesus. The dead shall rise in Him, The deaf shall hear Him calling. The blind receive their sight, The lame shall walk with strength, The lepers shall be clean, All shall give Him praises.     5 He comes to plead for us, He comes to make atonement. He comes to reconcile, Unite us with the Father. God is with His people, Sorrow and grief is gone, The mournful, broken hearts, Rejoice and praise the Lord.

HYMN 91
1. All you people the righteous, Rejoice in God's own grace. God's great salvation coming, Wait all for that alone. Humble and meek He comes, With strength and might the Lord comes, Destroying Satan's kingdom, And all his works on earth!  2 He left His crown, He left all, His Kingdom too He left. This world is not His kingdom, His Kingdom is in Heav'n. He hides His glory now, He hides His glory from us, The glory from the Father, That He might die for sin.     3 You lords and kings of this world, Bow down before the Lord. For salvation is in Him, In Christ alone is life. Jesus the Way and Life, The Way that leads to heaven, If you reject Christ Jesus, Your soul shall perish then.     4 You poor and downcast people, Forsaken, you may think. But there is hope in Jesus, Hope for the worthless ones. Stand up and shout for joy, And sing with joyful praises, Sing to the Lord Almighty, Who is the Lord of Host!     5 Soon we shall see Christ Jesus, Jesus shall come again. With glory and with honor, Your tears shall turn to joy. You Saints of Christ prepare, With oil in lamps all burning, Expectantly, you waiting, For Jesus soon shall come.

HYMN 92
1. Love came down at Christmas, Love all lovely, Love Divine, Love was born at Christmas, Star and Angels gave the sign.  2 Worship we the Godhead, Love Incarnate, Love Divine, Worship we our Jesus, But wherewith for sacred sign?     3 Love shall be our token, Love shall be yours, love be mine, Love to God and all men, Love for plea and gift and sign.

HYMN 93
1. Immanuel, our God we praise, With joyful songs we worship you, You long expected, God-with-us, We joyfully receive you now.  2 In Bethlehem, in David's town, There in a manger you were born, We greet you with a heart of joy, We worship you and thank you Lord.     3 Savior of man, you loved the world, The world that turned its back on you, In your great love you saved this world, You saved us all from sin and death.     4 Now I desire to love you, Lord, Love you with all my heart and soul, For there is none so great in love, In none shall find eternal peace.     5 Help me O Lord to love you more, Forgive me Lord my trespasses, Accept the grateful thanks I bring, A joyful sacrifice to you!

HYMN 94
1. Jesus Christ is born, We give praise to God, Christ the Savior is born today. Without this wondrous birth, Mankind is lost in sin, I'll praise the Lord my Savior Christ.  2 God has poured blessings, Peace everlasting, All His life He gave to mankind. Without this wondrous gift, Mankind is lost in sin, Give thanks, give thanks to God on high.     3 Jesus Christ is born, Praise to the King, An-gels join, in this praise to God. Men, women of this earth, Sing praises, sing with joy, Come then, come worship Christ the Lord.

HYMN 95
1. Give all glory to Christ Jesus, With your heart and mind come, [worship. Come and sing aloud and praise Him, All the Saints of God adore.  2 World of all the dead and of sin, Satan is shamed, Christ has conquered. Those that now believe in Jesus, They have no fear and sorrow.     3 Gift of God we have in Jesus, In Him we have life eternal. He has saved this world of sin, and In Him we have hope of Heav'n.     4 Star of Jacob has appeared now, He has come to break sin's power. He has crushed the serpent's head now, Satan's work, He defeated.     5 Captives of sin, we all once were, Poor sinners we were, without hope. Sin destroyed the soul of all men, Jesus saved us from our sin.     6 Let us give thanks to Christ Jesus, Come adore the Lord our Savior. Come and worship Christ the Lord [God, He deserves all praise and thanks.     7 Baby Jesus lays asleeping, In a manger lay the Savior. Friend of sinners, we all gather, Join with angels, worship you.

HYMN 96
1. Come children, come all men come marvel at this, In Bethlehem's manger laid Christ Savior God. Behold such great love of our Father on High, Love infinite from Jehovah we have now.  2 God laid in a manger and wrapped in poor clothes, Meek, lowly and humble God came to this world. He left all His glory, His Throne and came down, Begotten of God, Son of God, Christ has come.     3 God laid in a manger, a manger with grass, Close by Him were Mary and Joseph, to care. Angels sang the praises of His glorious birth, Shepherds from the fields came, this Baby to see.     4 Come all humankind come to join in God's praise, Come worship the Savior, Lord Jesus the Christ. Give thanks for your Savior, Christ Jesus has come, He left all His glory, to save all mankind.

HYMN 97
1. Silent night! Holy night! All is calm all is bright See the virgin mother and child Holy infant so tender and mild Sleep in heavenly peace! Sleep in heavenly peace  2 Silent night! Holy night! Son of God love's pure light Radiant beams from thy holy face With the dawn of redeeming grace, Jesus, Lord at thy birth, Jesus, Lord at thy birth.     3 Silent night! Holy night! Shepherds quake at the sight Glories stream from heaven afar Heavenly hosts sing Alleluia! Christ the Saviour is born Christ the Saviour is born!

HYMN 98
1. Once in royal David's city Stood a lowly cattle shed, Where a mother laid her Baby In a manger for His bed: Mary was that mother mild, Jesus Christ her little Child.  2 He came down to earth from Heaven, Who is God and Lord of all, And His shelter was a stable, And His cradle was a stall; With the poor, and mean, and lowly, Lived on earth our Savior holy.     3 And, through all His wondrous childhood, He would honor and obey, Love and watch the lowly maiden, In whose gentle arms He lay: Christian children all must be Mild, obedient, good as He.     4 For He is our childhood's pattern; Day by day, like us He grew; He was little, weak and helpless, Tears and smiles like us He knew; And He feeleth for our sadness, And He shareth in our gladness.     5 And our eyes at last shall see Him, Through His own redeeming love, For that Child so dear and gentle Is our Lord in Heav'n above, And He leads His children on To the place where He is gone.     6 Not in that poor lowly stable, With the oxen standing by, We shall see Him; but in Heaven, Set at God's right hand on high; Where like stars His children crowned All in white shall wait around.

